GOOD EVENING EVERYONE AND
WELCOME TO THE NOVEMBER SEVEN
MEETING OF THE NRA CITY
COUNCIL.
IF YOU'RE ABLE PLEASE RISE AND
JOIN US FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE
FOLLOWED BY THE PLEDGE
OF ALLEGIANCE
.
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG
OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC
FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION
INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY AND
JUSTICE FOR ALL BUT OUR CLERK
PLEASE CALL THE ROLE OF COUNSEL
COUNCIL MEMBER DESH COUNCILOR
HARRISON KATSUO SONG HERE
COUNCILOR WATSON EPSO BECAUSE
OF OUR DENHA HERE COMES
MURKOWSKI HAD ONE PAIR HERE
MARY TAYLOR.
HERE COMES OF OUR IRE HERE FOR
ATMOSPHERE HERE FROM BRIGS HERE
COMES FROM CORNELL HERE WE HAVE
A QUORUM IN THE MOTION PLEASE
TO APPROVE THE AGENDA MOVE BY
COUNCILOR SUNG SECONDED BY
COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON
DISCUSSION OF THE AGENDA CAN I
HAVE PERHAPS A MOTION TO MOVE
DC ONE TO IMMEDIATELY AFTER OUR
CLOSED SESSION COUNCILOR DENHA
SECONDED BY COUNCILOR HARRISON
DISCUSSION OF THAT AMENDMENT IN
FAVOR OF OPPOSED THE AMENDMENT
IS APPROVED FOR THE DISCUSSION
OF THE AGENDA AS AMENDED OR IN
FAVOR OR OPPOSED IS APPROVED.
DO YOU HAVE ANY COMMUNICATIONS
TODAY FROM OUR CITY
ADMINISTRATOR?
>> NO MAYOR.
>> IN THE ABSENCE OF OF
INTRODUCTIONS WE MOVE DIRECTLY
TO PUBLIC COMMENT, PUBLIC
COMMENT, RESERVED TIME, PUBLIC
COMMENT.
RESERVED TIME IS AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC TO
SPEAK TO COUNCIL AND THE
COMMUNITY ABOUT MATTERS
OF MUNICIPAL INTEREST TO SPEAK
OF PUBLIC COMMENT RESERVE TIME
ONE NEEDS TO HAVE SIGNED UP IN
ADVANCE BY CONTACTING OUR CITY
CLERK SPEAKERS.
IN ALL INSTANCES WE'LL HAVE
THREE MINUTES IN WHICH TO
SPEAK.
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK THE TIME
CLOCK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN THIRTY
SECONDS REMAINING AND WHEN YOUR
TIME HAS EXPIRED WHEN YOUR TIME
HAS EXPIRED PLEASE CONCLUDE
YOUR REMARKS AND CEDE THE FLOOR
.
>> OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY IS
CATHY GRISWOLD.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M SPEAKING ON SEET SEVEN THIS
EVENING BUT FIRST I WANT TO
CONGRATULATE ELISSA SLOTKIN WHO
WILL BE OUR NEXT SENATOR FROM
MICHIGAN AND I JUST WANT TO
READ A COUPLE OF STATEMENTS
FROM HER ACCEPTANCE SPEECH.
I BELIEVE IN MY BONES THAT
AMERICA AMERICA IS AT ITS BEST
WHEN WE HAVE TO HELP THE
PARTIES THAT PUSH AND PULL AND
DEBATE ON ISSUES OF POLICY
SUBSTANCE AND MAKE OUR LAWS
BETTER.
THAT IS WHAT OUR FOUNDING
FATHERS INTENDED AND WHAT MAKES
OUR COUNTRY GREAT ENGAGED
CITIZENS IN PRINCIPLED LEADERS.
SO REGARDING SEVEN WHICH IS TO
EXTEND THE CONTRACT FOR THE
INTERIM PUBLIC SERVICES AREA
ADMINISTRATOR, THIS IS THE
TOPIC THAT I'VE TALKED ABOUT
MANY, MANY TIMES.
WE DO NOT HAVE TRANSPORTATION
OPERATIONS EXPERTIZE WE HAVEN'T
HAD IT FOR OVER A DECADE EVEN
THOUGH IT IS A KEY ELEMENT
OF VISION ZERO AND THIS IS NOT
TO CRITICIZE ANY EXISTING STAFF
BUT TO IDENTIFY AN OPPORTUNE TO
ADDRESS AT LEAST AT THE LATEST
IN THE NEXT BUDGET CYCLE ON
ELECTION NIGHT I WAS DOWNTOWN I
CAME VERY CLOSE TO HITTING A
PEDESTRIAN AND A CYCLIST.
THE PEDESTRIAN STEPPED OUT IN
FRONT OF ME.
I DIDN'T SEE THE PEDESTRIAN.
I DIDN'T HIT THE PEDESTRIAN.
I STOPPED.
I PULLED OVER AND I LOOKED TO
SEE WHY IT WAS SO DARK.
IT WAS RIGHT DOWN BY THE BUS
STATION.
THERE WERE THREE STREETLIGHTS.
THOSE WERE THE SAME STREET
LIGHTS THAT I HAVE TURNED IN
TICKETS FOR AT LEAST FIVE
TIMES.
THIS IS OUR BUS STATION TO FIX
THAT SYSTEM IS A REALLY GREAT
SYSTEM.
IT WORKS WELL IN THE
RESIDENTIAL AREA.
IT DOESN'T WORK WELL IN
COMMERCIAL AREAS.
SO I WOULD PLEAD WITH THE CITY
TO COME UP WITH A POLICY
TO
ADDRESS STREETLIGHT OUTAGES IN
THE DOWNTOWN AREA AND IN NON
RESIDENTIAL AREAS.
LASTLY, I WANT TO THANK COUNCIL
MEMBER LYNN SWANN WHEN I WAS
TALKING ABOUT ONE OF OUR
FAVORITE TOPICS I WON'T EVEN
MENTION IT SHE SUGGESTED THAT I
TALK TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
BASED ON THAT ADVICE.
I DID TALK TO A NUMBER
OF PEOPLE AT THE STATE LEVEL
AND FOLLOWING THE ELECTION
WE'RE GOING TO LOOK AT SOME
OF THE STATE LAWS AND THE
FEDERAL STANDARDS THAT ARE NOT
BEING FOLLOWED IN ARE ONE
OF THEM IS LINE OF SIGHT WHICH
IS CRITICAL.
THIS MAY SOUND FAR FETCHED BUT
I HAVE DONE SOMETHING SIMILAR
THREE TIMES WITH CROSSWELL
SIGNAGE AND OTHER ISSUES AND IN
EVERY CASE THE CITY INTERVENED
AND WE HAD A SOLUTION THAT WAS
MUCH SAFER FOR OUR COMMUNITY.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS AYDAN SOVA
CONTINUITY'S WITH YOU FROM I
DON'T KNOW IF IT'S OFFICIAL
BUSINESS OR HI FRIENDS.
IT'S NICE TO SEE YOU ALL.
TONIGHT IS LYNN SONG'S FINAL
NIGHT IN COUNCIL FOR AN HOUR.
THERE MIGHT BE ANOTHER CAMPAIGN
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU KNOW
MAYBE IN A COUPLE YEARS BUT
LYNN I MET YOU IN TWENTY TWENTY
ONE ON HER HAS A LOT OF PEOPLE
HAVE MET LYNN I'VE COME TO FIND
OUT I WAS AT THE TIME TRYING TO
GET INTO THE COMMUNITY AND FIND
WAYS TO INVEST AND JUST TO GIVE
BACK AND A WAY THAT FELT
PRODUCTIVE AND USEFUL AND THEN
WAS SOMEONE WHO TRUE TO HER
FORM LISTENED AND YOU HAD
RECENTLY CYCLED OFF OF THE
LIBRARY AND SHE SAID THE
LIBRARY IS EXCELLENT.
DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE LIBRARY
WE CAN TALK ABOUT THE LIBRARY
AND I SAID YOU ARE TALKING TO A
CHIEF LIBRARIAN JOYO AND FROM
THERE THERE WAS A LOT
OF DISCUSSION AND I EVENTUALLY
ENDED UP RUNNING FOR OUR
LIBRARY BOARD AND THERE IS NO
WORLD IN WHICH THAT WOULD HAVE
HAPPENED IF NOT FOR YOUR
ENCOURAGEMENT AND YOUR SUPPORT
IN THAT YOU TALKED SO MUCH
ABOUT ADVANCING OPPORTUNITIES
FOR THOSE THAT ARE UNDERSERVED
OR MARGINALIZED AND YOU ARE ONE
OF THE FEW LEADERS I KNOW WHO
NOT ONLY TALKS ABOUT IT BUT
DOES IT RIGHT AND MAKE SURE
THAT THERE IS AN INVESTMENT AND
THERE'S A SUPPORT NETWORK IN
PLACE FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME AND
OTHER PEOPLE TO SUCCEED AND
THRIVE AND CONTRIBUTE TO OUR
COMMUNITY.
>> AND I THINK OUR ANN ARBOR
JUST CITY IS SO MUCH BETTER FOR
IT AND BECAUSE OF THAT AND ALSO
EVERY SINGLE TIME I TALK TO OR
TALK TO SOMEONE WHO KNOWS YOU,
THEY SAY OH I WORKED WITH LYNN
ON THIS THING OR THAT THING OR
WHATEVER.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU HAVE TIME
FOR IT.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU KNOW ALL
THESE PEOPLE.
I HOPE THAT YOU'RE SLEEPING.
I HOPE THAT YOU'RE RESTING AT
SOME POINTS I'M SEEING SHAKES
FROM YOUR FAMILY.
I JUST GENUINELY I'M IN AWE
OF YOU.
I'M INSPIRED BY YOU.
I'M SO APPRECIATIVE OF YOU AND
WHAT IS SO SPECIAL ABOUT THIS
IS THAT I'M NOT AN ISOLATED
OCCURRENCE IN TERMS OF YOU
SEEKING TO UPLIFT THE MEMBERS
IN OUR COMMUNITY INVESTING IN
THEM AND WE JUST COULD NOT BE
MORE GRATEFUL AS EVIDENCED BY
THIS.
THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM
OF COURSE IS THE ELECTION THAT
HAPPENED EARLIER THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT HAVE SEEN OR HEARD
ABOUT THE ELECTION.
I WAS SO ANGRY AND SAD AND
SCARED AND DISAPPOINTED AND I'M
TEXTING LYNN I LIKE 4:00 IN THE
MORNING JUST STREAM
OF CONSCIOUSNESS AND THOUGHTS
AND MY NEXT MORNING ACTUALLY
THE WHISTLIN AND A NUMBER
OF LIKE MINDED INDIVIDUALS JUST
TO FUNNEL OUR THOUGHTS INTO
ACTION AND TO NOT BE SCARED AND
TO STAND UP TO WHAT IS HATE
WITH LIGHT OF PROGRESS THAT LIN
OF COURSE HAS AND THANKFULLY
EXTENDS TO US AND I COULD NOT
BE MORE APPRECIATIVE OF THE
CITY IN OUR STATE IS A BETTER
PLACE BECAUSE OF YOU AS A
PERSON.
YOU'RE GOING TO GET A LOT
OF THESE COMMENTS TONIGHT I'M
SEEING IN THE CROWD.
BUT LIN, I JUST I HAD TO HAVE
THIS TIME JUST TO SHARE MY
THANKS WITH.
>> WE ALL APPRECIATE YOU.
THANK YOU EVERYONE.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ERIC VANIK
MANLIER KOBANA IS ON ZOOM.
GO AHEAD.
>> HELLO.
I'M HERE TO EXPRESS MY
APPRECIATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER
LINSON AND HER FOUR YEARS
OF SERVICE HERE ON CITY COUNCIL
ALONG WITH MANY, MANY YEARS
OF GOOD WORK THAT SHE'S DONE AT
THE CITY, COUNTY AND STATE
LEVELS OUTSIDE OF CITY COUNCIL.
JINSONG HAS HELPED OUR
COMMUNITY IN A VARIETY OF WAYS
.
SHE SERVED ON THE BOARDS OF THE
CANTERBURY DISTRICT LIBRARY,
THE NEUTRAL ZONE AND AVALON
HOUSING OVER THE YEARS SHE'S
REACHED OUT AND CONNECTED WITH
AN INCREDIBLE NUMBER OF PEOPLE
I SHE HAVE THE ROLODEX THAT'S
THE ENVY OF MANY.
SO MANY OF US ARE PARTICULARLY
GRATEFUL FOR HER SERVICE AS
CO-CHAIR OF REPRODUCTIVE
FREEDOM FOR ALL THE STATEWIDE
GROUP THAT GATHERED SIGNATURES
AND EDUCATED VOTERS TO AMEND
THE MICHIGAN STATE CONSTITUTION
TO GUARANTEE THE RIGHT TO
ABORTION AND MORE GENERALLY
REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS FOR ALL
AMERICANS EXCUSE ME FOR ALL
MICHIGANDERS WE IN ANN ARBOR
AND BEYOND ARE BRACING FOR SOME
INCREDIBLY HARD TIMES THAT ARE
HEADING OUR WAY AND WE'RE
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT WE AS
INDIVIDUALS, FAMILIES AND
COMMUNITIES CAN DO TOGETHER AND
OVERCOME THEM.
LYNN SONG HAS PROVIDED A
BEAUTIFUL TEMPLATE TO GET US
STARTED NOURISH ONE ANOTHER
WITH FOOD, UNDERSTANDING AND
COMPASSION.
LOOK OUT FOR THE MORE
VULNERABLE AMONG US.
BUILD BRIDGES BETWEEN
COMMUNITIES, ORGANIZE AND FIGHT
FOR FAIRNESS AND JUSTICE.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBERS SONG
FOR EVERYTHING.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS FAZILA NOW
BASILI
JAMAAH THIS COLOR IS ON
ZILL
COLOR WITH THE PHONE
NUMBER ENDING INFORUM SEVEN
EASY BREEZY PHONE NUMBER YES.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YES.
YES WE CAN.
OK THANK YOU.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS NABULSI AND I'M THE
DIRECTOR OF THE BRYANT MARKET
FACILITY WITH COMMUNITY ACTION
NETWORK.
I'M ON HERE TODAY BECAUSE I
WOULD EXPRESSED MY SINCERE
GRATITUDE TO COUNT FOR
WOMANLINESS FOR HER INVALUABLE
CONTRIBUTION TO OUR
ORGANIZATION.
HER GENEROUS DONATIONS WERE
INSTRUMENTAL IN MAKING OUR BACK
TO SCHOOL BARBECUE A REALITY
ENABLING US TO PROVIDE A
MEMORABLE EXPERIENCE FOR MANY
FAMILIES WHO ARE FACING
FINANCIAL CHALLENGES.
THEN SOME SUPPORT HAS HELPED
TURN ASPIRATIONS INTO TANGIBLE
ACHIEVEMENTS AND TO HELP US
ENHANCE PROGRAMS PROVIDE
ESSENTIAL RESOURCES AND UPLIFT
THOSE IN NEED.
THE CONTRIBUTIONS NOT ONLY
ADDRESSED IMMEDIATE CHALLENGES
BUT ALSO FOSTER AND FROM HOPE
AND CONNECTION AMONG COMMUNITY
MEMBERS.
I WOULD LIKE TO APPLAUD YOUR
ADVOCACY AND HELP IN SECURING
MORE HUMAN SERVICE FUNDING
AFTER THE END OF THE ORDINATED
FUNDING WITH THE COUNTY WHICH
INCLUDED TEMPORARY FUNDING FOR
EFFECTIVE ORGANIZATION.
IN ADDITION, WE WOULD LIKE TO
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ADVOCACY
RELATED TO SECURING 40 PERCENT
OF MENTAL HEALTH, MILLARD'S
HEATING REBATE FOR HUMAN
SERVICES WHICH INCLUDED ANN
ARBOR HOUSING COMMISSION PENNY
,THANK YOU FOR BEING A VITAL
PART OF OUR MISSION TO CREATE A
BETTER, MORE SUPPORTIVE
ENVIRONMENT FOR EVERY THANK
YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SANDY
ALDRIDGE.
GOOD EVENING.
HI I'M SANDY ALDRIDGE.
I LIVE IN WARD TWO AND THIS
EVENING I'M HERE TO SAY THANK
YOU DYLAN SONG WHILE SOME
PEOPLE MIGHT HEAR THE NAME
IDOLIZES IN THE HEADSHAKE SO
SOME PEOPLE PARTICULARLY DEETER
INSISTS ON UPHOLDING THE
SIDEWARDS AT SOME SAID CLUB AND
GARY I HAVE BEEN A MEMBER
OF THAT SAID CLUB FOR EIGHTEEN
YEARS AND I CAN REASSURE YOU
ALL IS WELL IN THE LAND
OF SWIMSUITS RACKET'S SO WE'RE
ALL GOOD THERE.
I HAVE TO SAY THAT THERE'S A
LOT THAT I COULD SAY BUT I JUST
WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU.
I MET LYNNE ABOUT TWENTY YEARS
AGO I THINK WHEN I MOVED INTO
THE NEIGHBORHOOD SHE EMBODIES
THE SPIRIT OF THE ANN ARBOR.
SHE UNDERSTANDS THE IMPORTANCE
OF BUILDING A STRONG COMMUNITY
AND CREATING A WELCOME
ENVIRONMENT FOR ALL.
SO HER DEDICATION TO OUR CITY I
THINK IS ROOTED IN HER PERSONAL
EXPERIENCES AS UVM GRAD
GOLDBLOOM AS A RESIDENT, A
MOTHER AND SPOUSE, A
NEIGHBORHOOD ORGANIZER BUSHRA
AND REALLY A FRIEND AND
OF COURSE THE GIANT YELLOW
CAMPAIGN SIGNS THAT SOME PEOPLE
WALKING AROUND WITH SHE'S
WORKED TIRELESSLY TO ENSURE
THAT AND REMAINS A PLACE
OF WHERE EVERYBODY FEELS VALUED
AND SUPPORTED AND VALUED PART
OF SUPERIMPORTANT IMPORTANT
DEDICATION TO IMPROVING SOCIAL
SERVICES, ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
AND SOCIAL JUSTICE HAS MADE A
SIGNIFICANT POSITIVE IMPACT TO
OUR COMMUNITY.
SO AND I GUESS WE SHOULD
APPLAUD PLEASE JOIN ME ON A
PODIUM AND JUST TO SHOW OUR
APPRECIATION AS WE CONTINUE TO
BUILD BRIDGES FOR BRIGHT AND
INCLUSIVE FUTURE.
>> THANK YOU AND THANK YOU
.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DEQI
ALEXANDER.
LIKE PERHAPS MANY PEOPLE HERE
I'M A LOCALIST WHICH TO ME
MEANS IF NOT A DEVOTION, A
PASSION, A DIRECTIVE, A DRIVE
LIVING INVESTING LOCALLY OUR
BODIES, OUR MINDS AND TIME FROM
POLITICS TO PEOPLE AND TO
PROGRAMS.
THERE ARE MANY FELLOW TRAVELERS
IN THE CITY THAT LIVE LA VIDA
LOCA LOCAL BUT WANT BUT TONIGHT
I WANT TO LIFT UP ONE PERSON
LIVES A LOCALIST LIFE WITH
PROFOUND DEPTH DIMENSION AND
FEARLESSNESS AND CONSUL GENERAL
IN SONG LISTEN AFTER A FOUR
YEAR TERM REPRESENTING WAR TWO
IS ENDING HER TENURE TONIGHT
SHE WILL CONTINUE OF COURSE TO
BE A CHAMPION OF EQUITY AND
ACCESS AND TO ALWAYS BE
BETTERING THE CITY AND
COMMUNITY BY WAY OF AFFORDABLE
HOUSING AND REFUGEE SUPPORT.
BUT WE'LL BE DOING SO ON THIS
COUNCIL AND TONIGHT IS HER LAST
MEETING PERSONALLY I WANT TO
THANK YOU FOR HER AND YES,
SHE'S MY ACTUAL CITY COUNCIL
REP FOR HER CONSTANT PERHAPS
COMPULSIVE WANT TO ENSURE ALL
VOICES ARE ALWAYS AT THE TABLE,
THE COMMUNITY TABLE, THE POLICY
TABLE.
BASICALLY LYNN WANTS TO MAKE
SURE THAT OUTREACH AND
INVITATION BY POLICY MAKING AND
PROGRAMING THAT ALL ARE WELCOME
HERE.
I SAY THIS BECAUSE ONE OF THOSE
VOICES SHE INTENTIONALLY
REACHED OUT TO TO SPEAK UP AND
SHOW UP HERE WAS ME AND I
WALKED PARALLEL LINES FOR YEARS
VOLUNTARY SUPPORTING LOCAL
POLITICS OR AN ORGANIZATIONS
LIKE JAZZFEST JEWISH FAMILY
SERVICES.
SHE'S A BOARD MEMBER AND THE
REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM.
HOWEVER, SHORTLY AFTER
OCTOBER 7TH AND THE MONTHLY
PARADE OF VITRIOL TOWARDS
AMERICAN JEWS THESE PUBLIC
COMMENTS SHE REACHED OUT AND
BASICALLY SAID I THINK SOMEONE
FROM JEWISH COMMUNITY SHOULD BE
HERE.
SHE DID NOT DIRECT ME TO SPEAK
BUT CALLED THIS FELLOW TRAVELER
AND CONSTITUENT TO MAKE SURE WE
WERE PRESENT AND THAT MY VOICE
OUR VOICE WERE HEARD.
MUCH OF WHAT CITY COUNCIL
MEMBERS DO IS RESPOND TO
INQUIRIES.
THIS EASEMENT IS A LITTLE
SHAKY.
THE INVASIVE SPECIES IS TAKING
OVER GENERAL GAGE PARK.
BUT WHEN LIN HAS DONE SO
THOUGHTFULLY OUTREACH AWAY AS A
WAY TO ENSURE THAT ALL PEOPLE
WHO LIVE IN THIS DYNAMIC FULL
OF CONSTANT ARRIVAL'S OF CITY
ARE LISTENED, CARED FOR AND
SUPPORTED.
THANK YOU.
WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOUR
SERVICE ON THIS COUNCIL AND ALL
THE ACTIVITIES, ACTIVITIES AND
EFFORTS YOU DO BEYOND BEYOND
INCLUDING BRINGING COOKIES TO
POLL WORKERS AT KINGS SCHOOL ON
ELECTION DAY AND JUST MAKING
SURE THAT THOSE WHO ARE KEEPING
DEMOCRACY SAFE ARE NOURISHED
AND FED.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JEAN HENRY
LOLLIPOP LITTLE EMBARRASSING.
>> HI EVERYBODY.
IT'S NICE TO SEE YOU ALL IN
THIS NEW WORLD.
I AM HERE ALSO TO THANK LYNN
FOR HER SERVICE TO OUR
COMMUNITY.
IT SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE GOING TO
GET HER RESUME.
HEAR ABOUT THE FOOD.
IT SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE GOING TO
I HAVE SOME RESENTMENT AROUND
HEAR ABOUT THE FOOD.
THE FOOD THING BECAUSE SHE OUT
I HAVE SOME RESENTMENT AROUND
FOOD TO ME EVERY TIME AND KIND
THE FOOD THING BECAUSE SHE OUT
OF USURPED MY I THOUGHT I HAD A
FOOD TO ME EVERY TIME AND KIND
ROOM AND THEN SHE JUST SHOWS UP
OF USURPED MY I THOUGHT I HAD A
WITH MORE FOOD AND BETTER FOOD
ROOM AND THEN SHE JUST SHOWS UP
EVERY TIME WE'RE GOING TO LET
WITH MORE FOOD AND BETTER FOOD
THAT ONE GO AND I'M GOING TO
EVERY TIME WE'RE GOING TO LET
TELL A LITTLE BIT OF A STORY
THAT ONE GO AND I'M GOING TO
NOT LONG ON I MET LYNN WHEN
TELL A LITTLE BIT OF A STORY
THEY WERE GOING TO PUT MORE
NOT LONG ON I MET LYNN WHEN
COPS DOWN TOWN TO SORT
THEY WERE GOING TO PUT MORE
OF POLICE PEOPLE THAT WERE
COPS DOWN TOWN TO SORT
PANHANDLING AND GIVE PEOPLE
OF POLICE PEOPLE THAT WERE
DIRECTIONS.
PANHANDLING AND GIVE PEOPLE
>> THERE'S AN APP FOR THAT
DIRECTIONS.
ANYWAY.
>> THERE'S AN APP FOR THAT
I WAS SORT OF WORKED UP ABOUT
ANYWAY.
THE IDEA OF IT AND SHOWED UP AT
I WAS SORT OF WORKED UP ABOUT
A MEETING AND THERE WAS LYNN
THE IDEA OF IT AND SHOWED UP AT
AND I REALIZED I HAD A
A MEETING AND THERE WAS LYNN
COHORT SHE MADE ME FEEL
AND I REALIZED I HAD A
IMMEDIATELY WELCOME.
COHORT SHE MADE ME FEEL
UNDERSTOOD.
IMMEDIATELY WELCOME.
WE HAVE SIMILAR VALUE SETS.
UNDERSTOOD.
WE HAVE A WILLINGNESS TO SAY
WE HAVE SIMILAR VALUE SETS.
THINGS THAT MAYBE PEOPLE DON'T
WE HAVE A WILLINGNESS TO SAY
WANT TO HEAR.
THINGS THAT MAYBE PEOPLE DON'T
SHE SAYS IT MORE IN A WAY THAT
WANT TO HEAR.
PEOPLE CAN HEAR IT.
SHE SAYS IT MORE IN A WAY THAT
I THINK SO I LEARNED A LOT FROM
PEOPLE CAN HEAR IT.
HER TWENTY SOMETIME AROUND THAT
I THINK SO I LEARNED A LOT FROM
TIME SHE DECIDED TO RUN FOR
HER TWENTY SOMETIME AROUND THAT
LIBRARY BOARD.
TIME SHE DECIDED TO RUN FOR
SHE WON.
LIBRARY BOARD.
I WAS HAVING IT WAS THE 2016
SHE WON.
ELECTION.
I WAS HAVING IT WAS THE 2016
I WAS PLANNING ON A DIFFERENT
ELECTION.
OUTCOME AND HAD ARRANGED A TACO
I WAS PLANNING ON A DIFFERENT
TRUCK ON THE CORNER AND WE WERE
OUTCOME AND HAD ARRANGED A TACO
RAISING MONEY FOR PLANNED
TRUCK ON THE CORNER AND WE WERE
PARENTHOOD AND SAFE HOUSE AND
RAISING MONEY FOR PLANNED
SHE SAID I'LL MAKE IT MY
PARENTHOOD AND SAFE HOUSE AND
ELECTION VICTORY PARTY WHICH
SHE SAID I'LL MAKE IT MY
PROBABLY DOUBLED THE CENSUS
ELECTION VICTORY PARTY WHICH
OF PEOPLE CONTRIBUTING TO THOSE
PROBABLY DOUBLED THE CENSUS
CAUSES AND BUYING TACOS AND
OF PEOPLE CONTRIBUTING TO THOSE
HANGING OUT AND SHARING
CAUSES AND BUYING TACOS AND
COMMUNITY TOGETHER.
HANGING OUT AND SHARING
SO HERE WE ARE AGAIN FULL
COMMUNITY TOGETHER.
CIRCLE EIGHT YEARS LATER AND
SO HERE WE ARE AGAIN FULL
LYNN HAS HAD A CAREER THAT IS
CIRCLE EIGHT YEARS LATER AND
REMARKABLE IN TERMS OF ITS
LYNN HAS HAD A CAREER THAT IS
IMPACT ON THIS COMMUNITY AND
REMARKABLE IN TERMS OF ITS
AND YET SO MUCH WORK REMAINS TO
IMPACT ON THIS COMMUNITY AND
BE DONE.
AND YET SO MUCH WORK REMAINS TO
I HAVE NO QUESTION I DON'T EVEN
BE DONE.
HAVE TO ASK HER WHAT SHE'S
I HAVE NO QUESTION I DON'T EVEN
DOING NEXT BECAUSE I KNOW I CAN
HAVE TO ASK HER WHAT SHE'S
ALWAYS TRUST THAT GOOD WORK IS
DOING NEXT BECAUSE I KNOW I CAN
BEING DONE BECAUSE LYNN IS IN
ALWAYS TRUST THAT GOOD WORK IS
OUR COMMUNITY.
BEING DONE BECAUSE LYNN IS IN
I ALSO WANT TO SAY THAT OVER
OUR COMMUNITY.
THAT TIME SHE GAINED SORT
I ALSO WANT TO SAY THAT OVER
OF WHAT WE CALL SOCIETAL POWER
THAT TIME SHE GAINED SORT
AND LEGITIMACY BEYOND WHAT WAS
OF WHAT WE CALL SOCIETAL POWER
PRESENT WHEN SHE WAS RUNNING
AND LEGITIMACY BEYOND WHAT WAS
FOR LIBRARY BOARD AND SHE STILL
PRESENT WHEN SHE WAS RUNNING
SPEAK TRUTH TO POWER AND THAT
FOR LIBRARY BOARD AND SHE STILL
IS THE MOST UNUSUAL THING IN
SPEAK TRUTH TO POWER AND THAT
THE WORLD THAT SOMEBODY
IS THE MOST UNUSUAL THING IN
INVESTED IN AN INSTITUTION WILL
THE WORLD THAT SOMEBODY
STILL SAY THE HARD THING IN THE
INVESTED IN AN INSTITUTION WILL
ROOM FULL OF PEOPLE WHO DON'T
STILL SAY THE HARD THING IN THE
WANT TO HEAR IT.
ROOM FULL OF PEOPLE WHO DON'T
SO I EXPECT YOU TO KEEP DOING
WANT TO HEAR IT.
IT AND I EXPECT YOU TO KEEP OUT
SO I EXPECT YOU TO KEEP DOING
FOODING ME AND IF YOU WANT ME
IT AND I EXPECT YOU TO KEEP OUT
TO BRING OVER SOME FOOD
FOODING ME AND IF YOU WANT ME
SOMETIME I'D LIKE TO BUT I
TO BRING OVER SOME FOOD
DON'T THINK THEY'LL EVER BE
SOMETIME I'D LIKE TO BUT I
AGAP THANK YOU.
DON'T THINK THEY'LL EVER BE
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ADAM
AGAP THANK YOU.
GOODMAN.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ADAM
HELLO.
GOODMAN.
SO I LIKE SO MANY OTHER PEOPLE
HELLO.
APPARENTLY I AM HERE TONIGHT TO
SO I LIKE SO MANY OTHER PEOPLE
THANK YOU AND COUNCIL MEMBER
APPARENTLY I AM HERE TONIGHT TO
WENZHONG FOR SERVICE AND I'VE
THANK YOU AND COUNCIL MEMBER
KNOWN LYNN FOR MUCH LONGER THAN
WENZHONG FOR SERVICE AND I'VE
I'VE KNOWN ANY OF THE REST YOU
KNOWN LYNN FOR MUCH LONGER THAN
UP ON THE DAIS AND SO WHEN WHEN
I'VE KNOWN ANY OF THE REST YOU
I WAS RUNNING FOR COUNCIL BACK
UP ON THE DAIS AND SO WHEN WHEN
IN TWENTY TWENTY I WROTE A
I WAS RUNNING FOR COUNCIL BACK
LITTLE FACEBOOK POST TO TELL
IN TWENTY TWENTY I WROTE A
ALL MY FRIENDS AND ACTUALLY
LITTLE FACEBOOK POST TO TELL
ANYONE WHO CARED TO READ IT
ALL MY FRIENDS AND ACTUALLY
THAT THEY NEEDED TO SUPPORT
ANYONE WHO CARED TO READ IT
LYNN.
THAT THEY NEEDED TO SUPPORT
I WANT TO JUST READ WHAT I
LYNN.
WROTE REAL QUICK WHAT I SAID
I WANT TO JUST READ WHAT I
WAS IT'S HARD FOR ME TO EVEN
WROTE REAL QUICK WHAT I SAID
PUT INTO WORDS WHAT A
WAS IT'S HARD FOR ME TO EVEN
POWERHOUSE LYNN IS.
PUT INTO WORDS WHAT A
SHE BRINGS AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT
POWERHOUSE LYNN IS.
OF ENERGY OPTIMISM AND YES,
SHE BRINGS AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT
INDUSTRIAL QUANTITIES
OF ENERGY OPTIMISM AND YES,
OF HOMEMADE FOOD TO EVERYTHING
INDUSTRIAL QUANTITIES
THAT SHE DOES.
OF HOMEMADE FOOD TO EVERYTHING
SHE ALSO BRINGS AN AMAZING SET
THAT SHE DOES.
OF EXPERIENCES AND EXPERTIZE TO
SHE ALSO BRINGS AN AMAZING SET
BEAR.
OF EXPERIENCES AND EXPERTIZE TO
SHE IS ONE OF THE FIRST PEOPLE
BEAR.
WHOSE COUNSEL I'D SEEK FOR
SHE IS ONE OF THE FIRST PEOPLE
ADVICE ON NONPROFIT
WHOSE COUNSEL I'D SEEK FOR
PHILANTHROPY AND MEANINGFUL
ADVICE ON NONPROFIT
WAYS TO UPLIFT EVERYONE IN THE
PHILANTHROPY AND MEANINGFUL
COMMUNITY.
WAYS TO UPLIFT EVERYONE IN THE
BUT FOR LYNN SO I WANTED TO
COMMUNITY.
READ IT BECAUSE I THINK THE
BUT FOR LYNN SO I WANTED TO
LAST FOUR YEARS HAVE SHOWN US
READ IT BECAUSE I THINK THE
THAT EVERYTHING I WROTE WAS,
LAST FOUR YEARS HAVE SHOWN US
YOU KNOW, COMPLETELY TRUE AND
THAT EVERYTHING I WROTE WAS,
MAYBE EVEN MORE TRUE NOW THAN
YOU KNOW, COMPLETELY TRUE AND
IT WAS BEFORE EXCEPT FOR EXCEPT
MAYBE EVEN MORE TRUE NOW THAN
THE FACT THAT FOLKS DIDN'T HAVE
IT WAS BEFORE EXCEPT FOR EXCEPT
THE OPPORTUNITY FOR LYNN THIS
THE FACT THAT FOLKS DIDN'T HAVE
YEAR BUT WHO KNOWS MAYBE
THE OPPORTUNITY FOR LYNN THIS
SOMETIME IN THE FUTURE BECAUSE
YEAR BUT WHO KNOWS MAYBE
GIVEN WHAT HAPPENED ON TUESDAY
SOMETIME IN THE FUTURE BECAUSE
WE'RE GOING TO NEED PEOPLE LIKE
GIVEN WHAT HAPPENED ON TUESDAY
LYNN MORE THAN EVER, PEOPLE WHO
WE'RE GOING TO NEED PEOPLE LIKE
HAVE TO KNOW HOW IN THE
LYNN MORE THAN EVER, PEOPLE WHO
COMMITMENT TO HELP THOSE WHO
HAVE TO KNOW HOW IN THE
NEED IT THE MOST.
COMMITMENT TO HELP THOSE WHO
>> AND I KNOW THAT EVEN IF SHE
NEED IT THE MOST.
IS NOT HOLDING PUBLIC OFFICE,
>> AND I KNOW THAT EVEN IF SHE
LYNN WILL CONTINUE DOING
IS NOT HOLDING PUBLIC OFFICE,
EVERYTHING IN HER POWER TO DO
LYNN WILL CONTINUE DOING
EXACTLY THAT TO CREATE A MORE
EVERYTHING IN HER POWER TO DO
JUST AND EQUITABLE SOCIETY IN
EXACTLY THAT TO CREATE A MORE
IN ANN ARBOR IF NOT THE WIDER
JUST AND EQUITABLE SOCIETY IN
WORLD.
IN ANN ARBOR IF NOT THE WIDER
SO AGAIN, THANK YOU, LYNN, FOR
WORLD.
ALL THAT YOU'VE DONE AND ALL
SO AGAIN, THANK YOU, LYNN, FOR
THAT YOU'RE STILL DOING.
ALL THAT YOU'VE DONE AND ALL
AND AS A LITTLE CODA I'LL
THAT YOU'RE STILL DOING.
MENTION THAT THIS SUMMER I WENT
AND AS A LITTLE CODA I'LL
TO A CAMPAIGN EVENT FOR THE
MENTION THAT THIS SUMMER I WENT
INCOMING COUNCIL MEMBER JOHN
TO A CAMPAIGN EVENT FOR THE
MALIC AND JOHN MENTIONED THAT
INCOMING COUNCIL MEMBER JOHN
HE HAD HIMSELF PICKED ALL
MALIC AND JOHN MENTIONED THAT
OF THE COOKIES THAT HE WAS
HE HAD HIMSELF PICKED ALL
SERVING AT THIS EVENT.
OF THE COOKIES THAT HE WAS
AND YOU KNOW, I THINK I THINK
SERVING AT THIS EVENT.
THAT MORE THAN ANYTHING SAID
AND YOU KNOW, I THINK I THINK
GAVE ME CONFIDENCE THAT, YOU
THAT MORE THAN ANYTHING SAID
KNOW, NOBODY CAN REPLACE LYNN
GAVE ME CONFIDENCE THAT, YOU
BUT PERHAPS YOU DO HAVE A
KNOW, NOBODY CAN REPLACE LYNN
WORTHY SUCCESSOR.
BUT PERHAPS YOU DO HAVE A
THANK YOU.
WORTHY SUCCESSOR.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SUSAN
THANK YOU.
WESTHOFF.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SUSAN
HER THE PHONE NUMBER FOR 07
WESTHOFF.
CRESTAR SIX ON YOUR PHONE.
HER THE PHONE NUMBER FOR 07
SUSAN WESTROPP, THANK YOU.
CRESTAR SIX ON YOUR PHONE.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
SUSAN WESTROPP, THANK YOU.
YES, WE CAN.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YES, WE CAN.
I'M SORRY I CAN'T BE WITH
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
EVERYONE TONIGHT ALONG WITH SO
I'M SORRY I CAN'T BE WITH
MANY TONIGHT I'M CALLING IN TO
EVERYONE TONIGHT ALONG WITH SO
HONOR THE WORK OF WIND SONG
MANY TONIGHT I'M CALLING IN TO
WITH HER LAST MEETING AND I
HONOR THE WORK OF WIND SONG
WISH I COULD BE THERE IN PERSON
WITH HER LAST MEETING AND I
AS I AM DEEPLY APPRECIATIVE
WISH I COULD BE THERE IN PERSON
OF HER EFFORT TO SUPPORT THE
AS I AM DEEPLY APPRECIATIVE
MORE VULNERABLE PEOPLE IN OUR
OF HER EFFORT TO SUPPORT THE
COMMUNITY.
MORE VULNERABLE PEOPLE IN OUR
I'VE ADMIRED ACHREKAR.
COMMUNITY.
SHE'S GOT THE FEARS THE
I'VE ADMIRED ACHREKAR.
UNIVERSAL BASIC INCOME PROGRAM
SHE'S GOT THE FEARS THE
,THE SUPPORT TRAUMA INFORMED
UNIVERSAL BASIC INCOME PROGRAM
SERVICES SERVING CHILD CARE
,THE SUPPORT TRAUMA INFORMED
NEEDS AFFORDABLE HOUSING
SERVICES SERVING CHILD CARE
OPPORTUNITIES THEN I APPRECIATE
NEEDS AFFORDABLE HOUSING
THE WAYS YOU HAVE THE WORK
OPPORTUNITIES THEN I APPRECIATE
OF SO MANY NONPROFIT GROUPS IN
THE WAYS YOU HAVE THE WORK
OUR AREA.
OF SO MANY NONPROFIT GROUPS IN
I SEEN YOU BRING UP THE UNITED
OUR AREA.
WAY WASHINGTON HOUSING ALLIANCE
I SEEN YOU BRING UP THE UNITED
AND MY VERY OWN MODIFIED NATURE
WAY WASHINGTON HOUSING ALLIANCE
CENTER THAT SET FOR THIRTEEN
AND MY VERY OWN MODIFIED NATURE
YEARS NOW.
CENTER THAT SET FOR THIRTEEN
I FIRST MET LYNN WHEN BECAUSE
YEARS NOW.
OF THE TEA PARTY I THOUGHT
I FIRST MET LYNN WHEN BECAUSE
WOULD BE TRANSFORMATIVE
OF THE TEA PARTY I THOUGHT
RESEARCH TO BE TO HELP FOR
WOULD BE TRANSFORMATIVE
FRIENDS AND NETWORK AT WHAT SHE
RESEARCH TO BE TO HELP FOR
CALLED A LITTLE GIFT IN OUR TO
FRIENDS AND NETWORK AT WHAT SHE
SHE CONTINUES TO CHAMPION AND
CALLED A LITTLE GIFT IN OUR TO
SUPPORT OUR WORK AND SO MANY IN
SHE CONTINUES TO CHAMPION AND
OUR COMMUNITY.
SUPPORT OUR WORK AND SO MANY IN
I'M ALSO GRATEFUL FOR THE
OUR COMMUNITY.
SUPPORT VARIOUS SMALL
I'M ALSO GRATEFUL FOR THE
BUSINESSES, OUR NATURAL AREAS
SUPPORT VARIOUS SMALL
AND CERTAINLY CHAMPIONING OUR
BUSINESSES, OUR NATURAL AREAS
PARKS THROUGHOUT THE TIME FOR
AND CERTAINLY CHAMPIONING OUR
OUR COMMUNITY COMMUNITY
PARKS THROUGHOUT THE TIME FOR
CONTINUES TO BENEFIT FROM WIND
OUR COMMUNITY COMMUNITY
PASSIONATE EXPERIENCE, HONESTY
CONTINUES TO BENEFIT FROM WIND
AND I'M TRULY GRATEFUL FOR HER
PASSIONATE EXPERIENCE, HONESTY
DEDICATION TO ALL THIS.
AND I'M TRULY GRATEFUL FOR HER
THANK YOU SO MUCH LYNN.
DEDICATION TO ALL THIS.
I KNOW YOU WILL CONTINUE TO
THANK YOU SO MUCH LYNN.
BENEFIT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE
I KNOW YOU WILL CONTINUE TO
COMMUNITY AND THIS ISN'T
BENEFIT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE
GOODBYE BUT THANK YOU FOR ALL
COMMUNITY AND THIS ISN'T
OF YOUR TIME AND GRATEFUL.
GOODBYE BUT THANK YOU FOR ALL
THANK YOU.
OF YOUR TIME AND GRATEFUL.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DENHA
THANK YOU.
RAMASWAMY.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DENHA
HI THERE.
RAMASWAMY.
I ALSO AM HERE TO SPEAK
SONG
AND I KNOW WE HAVE A TIME LIMIT
AND I WANT TO BE I WANT TO GIVE
EVERYBODY THIS OPPORTUNITY BUT
I AM AWARD EIDELMAN ALSO JUST
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE IN MANY WAYS
BUT I AM AWARD TO RESIDENT I AM
A PROUD NORTH SIDER AND LYNN
HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL
REPRESENTATIVE FOR US.
SHE DECIDED TO RUN IN TWENTY
TWENTY AS YOU KNOW DURING THE
PANDEMIC THE VERY DIFFICULT
TIME FOR OUR COMMUNITY AND I'M
GLAD SHE WAS ELECTED BUT DURING
THAT TIME WE WE SAW A LOT
OF SHIFTS OF IN THE COUNTRY IN
OUR CITY A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO
ARE MARGINALIZED WERE AFFECTED.
SHE REALLY THOUGHT ABOUT
COMMUNITIES THAT DON'T HAVE
VOICES AND MADE SURE THAT WE
WERE ALL TAKEN CARE OF .
AND I JUST ASK THAT AS SHE
LEAVES POSITION AND NOW WE
ENTER A NEW AND PERHAPS VERY
DIFFICULT STAGE THAT'S COMING
UP THAT YOU ALL TAKE THE REINS
AND MAKE SURE THAT OUR
COMMUNITY IS SAFE AND WE HAVE
PROTECTIONS AND WE HAVE CARE
AND SUPPORT AND YOU ARE THERE
FOR ALL OF US AS SHE HAS BEEN.
AND LYNN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR
SERVICE AND EVERYONE HAS SAID
AMAZING THINGS.
THANK YOU FOR WHAT YOU'VE DONE
ON THE NORTH OUT OF TOWN TO
REALLY HELP AND SUPPORT US AND
REPRESENT AND WORK REALLY HARD
TO BRING REPRESENTATION TO
COUNCIL.
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE IT AND
THANK YOU AND THANK YOU FOR
EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JENNY
POTTER
.
I'M HERE TO THANK LYNN FOR
BEING A WONDERFUL
REPRESENTATIVE OF MORE TO AND
ANN ARBOR AND THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN.
I RELOCATED FROM GEORGIA BACK
IN 2010 AND MICHIGAN WAS A
CULTURE SHOCK FOR ME BOTH
LEARNING HOW TO NAVIGATE
MIDWESTERN NICE AND
UNDERSTANDING THE PURPLE
POLITICS WHICH WERE
DRAMATICALLY DIFFERENT FROM THE
POLITICS THAT I GREW UP WITH
AND THERE WERE TIMES WHEN OUR
FAMILY QUESTIONED WHETHER WE
COULD MAKE MICHIGAN OUR NEW
HOME AND A LARGE PART OF US
STAYING IN MICHIGAN WAS BECAUSE
OF LYNN.
>> I'M WEARING A VINTAGE SHIRT
THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE MISREAD
AND SEX AND ASK ABOUT LAKE AND
AND MAYBE THAT'S NOT A MISTAKE
BECAUSE SHE IS STILL AMAZING AT
LINKIN PEOPLE TOGETHER,
ORGANIZATIONS TOGETHER SEEM
PAST THE POLITICS AND SEEING
PEOPLE FOR WHO THEY ARE AND HOW
TO UPLIFT THEIR NEEDS AND NOT
JUST INCLUDING THEM AT THE
TABLE BUT GIVING THEM A SENSE
OF BELONGING AND TWENTY SIXTEEN
WAS TOUGH TWENTY TWENTY WHEN
SHE RAN SHE HAS DONE SHE HAS
SPOKEN AND PUT FORWARD SO MANY
AMAZING THINGS AROUND
AFFORDABLE HOUSING AND ARMED
RESPONSE AND HOUSED AND I'M
REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO
SEEING WHAT THE NEXT CHAPTER IS
AND SUPPORTING THAT NEXT
CHAPTER.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS QUINTON
OK
WHAT'S UP COUNCIL MEMBERS?
HI MY NAME IS QUINN AND TODAY
I'LL BE SAYING IF YOU WORDS
ABOUT COUNCILWOMAN LINSON FIRST
OF ALL SORRY FOR EVERYONE
MAKING YOU CRY A LOT MOM.
I KNOW IT'S HARD TO KEEP THE
TEARS AND SECOND I WOULD LIKE
TO TALK ABOUT 2016 SO I STILL
REMEMBER IT EVEN THOUGH I WAS
ONLY SIX YEARS OLD WHEN I WAS
SIX YEARS OLD, MY MOM TOOK ME
DOOR KNOCKING AND MY ADDRESS WE
WOULD PHONE BACK TOGETHER WHICH
IS HOW I LEARNED TO BE NICE TO
MEET PEOPLE.
MY MOM HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE
FUNNIEST PERSON I KNOW.
SHE HAS WORKED SO HARD DURING
HER TIME ON COUNCIL STAYING UP
LATE TO WRITE EMAILS AND
RESOLUTION SO MANY PAPERS AND
LIKE BORING STUFF LIKE THAT.
I THINK THAT SHE HAS MADE THIS
CITY SO MUCH BETTER AND EVEN
OUR STATE A BETTER PLACE.
THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME REALLY
GOOD FOOD.
THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS LISTENING
TO PEOPLE OPEN TO NEW IDEAS AND
OPINIONS.
>> THANK YOU FOR WEARING YOUR
UTERUS COSTUME AND EVEN THOUGH
IT IS QUITE EMBARRASSING
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU PICK ME UP
FROM SCHOOL WEARING IT, IT IS
SO ICONIC AND I'M SURE EVERYONE
WILL REMEMBER IT.
THANK YOU FOR BEING AWESOME MOM
.
>> PEACE OUT QUEEN SONG THANK
YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
STEPHANIE CHANG
.
STEPHANIE CHANG ZOOM GO.
>> ALL RIGHT.
I THINK HERE GOOD EVENING.
COUNCIL MEMBERS STEPHANIE CHANG
CALLING IN FROM DETROIT.
I'M A STATE EDITOR HERE AND AS
A FELLOW ASIAN-AMERICAN WOMAN
SOCIAL RESEARCHER, PUBLIC
SERVANT SLASH ORGANIZER, I JUST
HAVE SO MUCH APPRECIATION FOR
COUNCIL MEMBER LIN SONG FOR HER
LEADERSHIP OVER SO MANY YEARS.
REALLY GRATEFUL FOR YOUR
FRIENDSHIP, FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP
AND FOR YOUR UNWAVERING
COMMITMENT TO SOCIAL JUSTICE
AND ALWAYS PRIORITIZING THE
NEEDS OF THOSE WHO ARE MOST
VULNERABLE AND ALWAYS BEING SO
UNAFRAID TO TACKLE BIG ISSUES
AND A BOLD WAY AND IN A WAY
THAT REALLY MAKES PEOPLE WANT
TO GET INVOLVED IN A WAY THAT
IS FUN AND IS ENGAGING.
I'M JUST VERY GRATEFUL FOR YOU.
I ALSO AM GRATEFUL FOR THE WAY
THAT YOU HAVE CONSISTENTLY
SUPPORTED ME AND SUPPORTED SO
MANY OTHERS MANY PEOPLE IN THE
ROOM THAT I SEE AND THAT MANY
ACROSS THE STATE WHO I THINK
WOULD NOT BE IN THE POSITIONS
THAT WE ARE WITHOUT YOU AND
WOULD NOT BE AS AS AND WE
WOULDN'T HAVE THE SAME TYPE
OF ENERGY AND COMMITMENT TO THE
ONGOING FIGHT FOR JUSTICE IF
NOT FOR YOU.
AND SO WHEN I AM JUST SO
GRATEFUL FOR YOU, I'M EXCITED
ABOUT ALL OF YOUR CONTINUED
JOURNEY AS WE CONTINUE TO SUCH
IMPORTANT WORK ON BEHALF OF ALL
OF OUR COMMUNITIES.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS CORRINE
MORE GOOD EVENING.
I APOLOGIZE IN ADVANCE FOR THE
REDUNDANCY AND START BY SAYING
LYNN IS AN EXCELLENT COOK.
RIGHT.
BUT NOT JUST IN THE KITCHEN,
ALSO IN THE COMMUNITY.
SHE KNOWS WHAT INGREDIENTS ARE
NEEDED TO PUT TOGETHER
SOMETHING COMFORTING AND
INSPIRING PROGRESSIVE AND
FORWARD THINKING.
SHE IS HOPEFUL AND SETS OUT TO
DO WHATEVER IT IS NEEDED TO
PULL THAT RECIPE TOGETHER.
SHE TELLS THE STORY OFTEN OUR
KIDS WERE IN KARATE CLASS
TOGETHER AND SHE WAS ON A
MISSION TO FIND MORE PEOPLE TO
SERVE IN OFFICE.
SHE LEISURELY AXED EVERY KARATE
WHETHER THEY WERE INTERESTED IN
SERVING OR SERVING IN OFFICE.
I EXPRESSED INTEREST IN DOING
THAT SOMEDAY EMPHASIS ON
SOMEDAY AND SHE SAID LET'S CHAT
.
SHE MEANT NOW SHE NEEDED
SOMEBODY IMMEDIATELY TO RUN THE
LIBRARY BOARD AND BEFORE I KNEW
IT I WAS OUT THERE RUNNING FOR
OFFICE AND I DON'T REGRET ONE
BIT LIBRARY BOARD WAS
FULFILLING WHOLESOME WORK AND
WE NEEDED GOOD PEOPLE LOVE AND
VALUE LIBRARIES TO SERVE IN
LEADERSHIP.
SHE DIDN'T KNOW THAT MY FIRST
JOB WAS AT A LIBRARY AND THAT
I'D GONE ON TO WORK AT THREE
OTHER LOCAL LIBRARIES AFTER
THAT WE DIDN'T KNOW EACH OTHER
AT ALL JUST BY BEING OUT THERE
AND GETTING THE WORD OUT SHE
CAME ACROSS SOMEONE WITH A
GENUINE CONNECTION TO LIBRARIES
WHO WAS WILLING TO SERVE AND
ENCOURAGE THEM TO STEP FORWARD
AND I'M NOT THE ONLY PERSON
WHO'S DONE THAT FOR RIGHT.
WE'VE ALREADY HEARD FROM AIDEN.
SHE'S CONSTANTLY LOOKING FOR
THE UNDERUTILIZED TALENT AND
RESOURCES RIGHT HERE IN THE
COMMUNITY AFTER I JOINED
LIBRARY BOARD LYNN QUICKLY
TRANSITIONED TO CITY COUNCIL
WHERE WE NEED IT PROGRESSIVE
DIVERSE COMMUNITY MEMBERS TO
ENGAGE THE CONVERSATION.
SHE HAS DONE THAT AND WHILE
SERVING SHE HAS CONTINUED TO
RECRUIT YOUNG, PROGRESSIVE AND
FORWARD THINKING AND RIGHTS WHO
TRULY VALUE BOTH MAINTAINING
THE EXISTING COMMUNITY AND
BUILDING A MORE INCLUSIVE
COMMUNITY.
SHE HAS SERVED WITH HER
PERSEVERANCE, KINDNESS AND
ALMOST ALWAYS NECESSARY SNACKS.
LYNN HAS REPRESENTED ALL
OF THESE THINGS TO ME.
SHE IS A MOTHER, A FRIEND AND A
LEADER WHO TAKES THE TIME TO DO
THE RIGHT THING BECAUSE IT'S
THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
FORMER FIRST LADY ROSALYN
CARTER ONCE SAID A LEADER TAKES
PEOPLE WHERE THEY WANT TO GO.
A GREAT LEADER TAKES PEOPLE
WHERE THEY DON'T NECESSARILY
WANT TO GO BUT OUGHT TO BE FROM
THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS CHIP SMITH
.
HI FRIENDS.
WE'LL GET TO YOU IN A MINUTE.
I WANT TO SAY TO MISS POUDRE
AND HER STAFF YOU GUYS DID SUCH
A GREAT JOB RUNNING THE
ELECTION.
WE'RE SO LUCKY TO HAVE FOR MY
MONEY.
>> I DON'T KNOW THAT THERE'S A
RANKING OR ANYTHING BUT YOU'RE
NUMBER ONE IN THE COUNTRY.
WE ARE SO LUCKY.
GREAT JOB.
THANK YOUR STAFF FOR US.
PLEASE AND THE VOLUNTEERS AS
WELL.
LYNN.
SO FOUR YEARS AGO WAS MY LAST
NIGHT IT WAS A ZUM MEETING.
IT WASN'T A WHOLE LOT OF FUN
THAT WHOLE COUNCIL TERM WASN'T
A WHOLE LOT OF FUN.
IT WASN'T PARTICULARLY
NOTEWORTHY FOR ANYTHING EXCEPT
THAT COUNSEL'S MISSTEPS.
BUT LUCKILY WE HAD A CROP
OF PEOPLE THAT RAN IN AND YOU
GOT ELECTED.
YOU'VE DONE A GREAT JOB.
BUT I JUST WANT TO TELL ONE
LITTLE STORY AND EVERYBODY HAS
SAID MUCH MORE ELOQUENT THINGS
ABOUT WHAT A GREAT CONNECTOR
YOU ARE AND WHAT A GREAT LEADER
YOU ARE.
I'M JUST GOING TO TALK ABOUT
HOW MUCH FUN I'VE HAD WITH YOU
AND WHAT A GREAT FRIEND YOU AND
YOUR FAMILY HAVE BEEN TO US AND
YOU KNOW YOU WOULD HAVE GOTTEN
INTO POLITICS EVENTUALLY.
I FEEL LIKE WHEN YOU BROUGHT
JAGAN QUINN OVER TO MY HOUSE IN
TWENTY FIFTEEN TO MAKE PHONE
CALLS ON THAT THAT PRIMARY DAY
IN AUGUST THAT WAS JUST AN
ACCELERANT.
BUT FOR PEOPLE THAT DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE AROUND LIN
IS IS I LIVE BY PERHAPS THE
MOST NEGATIVE PERSON ON THE
INTERNET AND WHO IS REALLY
REALLY FULL OF VITRIOL AND IT
IS GENERALLY AIMED AT ELECTED
OFFICIALS AND WE WERE KIND
CHATTING ABOUT THAT AS WE WERE
MAKING PHONE CALLS AND LIN SAID
I'M GOING TO GO INTRODUCE
MYSELF.
AND SO OFF SHE WENT NEXT DOOR
KNOCKED ON THE DOOR.
HI I'M LIN SONG FROM THE
INTERNET.
>> IT WAS GREAT AND FROM NOW ON
LIKE I JUST THINK SHE SHOULD
HAVE BUSINESS TO SAY LIN SONG
FROM THE INTERNET YOU WE WERE
LUCKY TO HAVE YOU FOR FOUR
YEARS.
I THINK WE'RE EVEN LUCKIER TO
HAVE YOU WORKING ON THE STATE
AND NATIONAL LEVEL TO PROTECT
PEOPLE'S RIGHTS TO MAKE IT A
MORE JUST AND INCLUSIVE PLACE.
YOU HAVE DONE SO MUCH FOR ANN
ARBOR.
YOU HAVE CONNECTED SO MUCH
OF ANN ARBOR TO DECISION MAKING
SO THAT OUR VALUES CAN
INFLUENCE WHAT HAPPENS IN THE
STATE AND WHAT HAPPENS
NATIONALLY AND I'M JUST EXCITED
TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ANDY LEBAR
.
LABORIS JOINING US ON ZOOME.
CALL HER THE PHONE NUMBER TWO
NINE COMPRESSED OUR SIX ON MUTE
YOUR PHONE
MR. MOORE COUNCIL
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME HERE
TONIGHT.
KNOW THE POWER OF THE GOOD
FORMER COUNCIL MEMBER SMITH
JUST MENTIONED HOW YOU WANT TO
JOIN THE GROUP HERE IN
PROVIDING GREAT PLAYS PRAISE
AND LAUDATORY REMARKS FOR
COUNCIL MEMBER DONG'S SERVICE
LINK HAS BEEN SAID THIS EVENING
IS REMARKABLE PERSON IN MANY
DIFFERENT WAYS AND A REMARKABLE
MEMBER OF THIS COMMUNITY.
BUT I WANTED TO THANK HER
ESPECIALLY FOR HER WORK TO MAKE
ME A MORE EFFECTIVE MEMBER
OF THE COUNTY BOARD
OF COMMISSIONERS AND TO MAKE
THE CITY A MORE EFFECTIVE
PARTNER IN MY OPINION FOR
ENSURING THAT WE DO WHAT WE
NEED TO AS A COMMUNITY AROUND
HUMAN SERVICES.
LYNN WAS ALWAYS THERE TO ENSURE
THAT THE VOICE OF THE FOLKS IN
WARD TWO AND THE VOICE
OF PEOPLE IN THIS COMMUNITY
THAT WEREN'T ALWAYS HEARD OR
LISTENED TO OR CONSIDERED IN
THOSE DECISIONS HAD THAT VOICE
.
AND I REALLY, REALLY APPRECIATE
LYNN'S PARTNERSHIP SO MANY
OF THOSE HUMAN SERVICE LEVELS,
PARTICULARLY IN THE CONTEXT
OF UNWINDING THE COORDINATED
FUNDING SYSTEM.
AND THEN I JUST WANTED TO ALSO
THANK YOU AGAIN, LYNN IN THE
FALL OF TWO THOUSAND TWENTY ONE
AS WE THE COMMUNITY WERE SORT
OF GETTING BACK AND GOT IN
PERSON AFTER COVID YOUR
ADVOCACY ON THE NEED FOR CHILD
CARE SERVICES TO CONTINUE TO BE
ACCESSIBLE, AFFORDABLE TO BE
PRESENT HERE IN OUR COMMUNITY.
WE'RE CERTAINLY NOT LOST ON
ANYONE BUT MYSELF INCLUDED YOU
ARE A REMARKABLE ADVOCATE AND
PUBLIC SERVANT AND MOST
IMPORTANTLY JEWEL OF THIS
COMMUNITY.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR PUBLIC
SERVICE HERE TONIGHT AND THANK
YOU SO MUCH FOR THE SERVICE.
I KNOW YOU'RE RENDERED TO ALL
OF US IN THE YEARS AND DECADES
.
>> THANK YOU AGAIN.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MARIA
SUSSMAN
.
THE PHONE NUMBER AND AGAIN FOUR
TO TWO PENNY GO AHEAD AND Y'ALL
HEAR ME?
>> YES, WE CAN.
THIS IS MIRASOL AND I AM GOING
TO ADD TO THE LIN SONG LOVE
THAT I MET LIN I DON'T KNOW
MAYBE FIFTEEN OR SIXTEEN YEARS
AGO AS WE ARE BOTH SOCIAL
WORKERS WITH A SPECIAL INTEREST
IN HELPING IMMIGRANTS AS A
NATIVE ON OUR BIRTHRIGHT AS A
CURRENT RESIDENT AND AS A
REPRESENTATIVE OF JEWISH FAMILY
SERVICES OF WASHTENAW COUNTY, I
WANTED TO EXPRESS MY HEARTFELT
GRATITUDE TO INFORM HER MANY
YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE
COMMUNITY OF A CITY COUNCIL
MEMBER.
SHE CHAMPIONED THE NEEDS OF NOT
JUST RESIDENTS OF HER WARD BUT
OF THE WHOLE CITY TO HIGHLIGHT
THE ECONOMIC DISPARITIES
THROUGHOUT OUR ZIP CODE AND
PRIORITIZES THOSE MOST IN NEED
WHEN COHESION FUNDING WAS IN
DISARRAY, LIN ADVOCATED SOCIAL
SERVICES ORGANIZATIONS SHOULD
BE PRIORITIZED TO HELP TO MAKE
SURE THAT THE CITY OF CITY
BUDGET WORKED TOWARD PREVENTING
EVICTION AND THAT OUR FUNDS ARE
USED FOR BASIC NEEDS.
HE SUPPORTED THE FIRST
GUARANTEED INCOME PROGRAM IN
THE STATE AND CHAMPIONED
ORDINANCES THAT ENCOURAGE HOME
BASED ENTREPRENEURS SUCH AS THE
INDIVIDUAL WHO ARE SUPPORTED BY
JEWISH FAMILY SERVICES BUSINESS
INCUBATOR.
SHE HAS BEEN A DEDICATED
CHAMPION OF ALL THE COMMUNITY
BASED ORGANIZATIONS THAT SERVE
AS THE FRONT LINE SAFETY FOR
OUR COMMUNITY.
LIN CHAMPION ALSO PUBLIC
STATEMENTS FROM CITY COUNCIL
AGAINST ANTI-SEMITISM AND ANTI
ASIAN HATE LIN AS A BOARD
MEMBER FOR JAPHETH AND WAS AN
ENERGETIC CO-CHAIR FOR OUR
ANNUAL WALK A MILE IN OUR SHOES
EVENT TO RAISE FUNDS AS WELL AS
THE IMPORTANCE OF IMMIGRANTS TO
OUR LOCAL COMMUNITY.
BANKS AND COMMUNITY IS TRULY AT
THE HEART OF EVERYTHING SHE
DOES.
HER LIFE'S MISSION IS TO BRING
PEOPLE TOGETHER TO CONNECT LIKE
MINDED INDIVIDUALS ORGANIZATION
AND PUBLIC ENTITIES TOGETHER TO
MAKE CHANGE HAPPEN.
SO HERE'S JUST ONE EXAMPLE
YESTERDAY WHEN SO MANY OF US
WERE STRUGGLING AND WORRIED
ABOUT HOW CHANGES IN THE
FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION WILL
AFFECT US AS INDIVIDUALS AND AS
ORGANIZATIONS AND ALSO THE
ISSUES THAT WE CARE ABOUT, LIN
IMMEDIATELY SENDS OUT A MESSAGE
FOR PEOPLE TO GATHER FOR HUGS
AND CONVERSATION AN IMPRESSIVE
ARRAY OF COMMUNITY MEMBERS MET
EACH OTHER AN INCREDIBLE
CONNECTION WERE MADE.
LIN DOES THIS ALL THE TIME
CONNECTING PEOPLE TO EACH
OTHER.
SHE DOES IT EVERYWHERE SHE GOES
.
BUT MOST OF ALL LIN WEARS HER
HEART ON HER SLEEVE.
I SEEN HER CRY MORE TIMES THAN
I CAN HELP AND HEARD HER SPEAK
PASSIONATELY ABOUT HER FAMILY'S
EXPERIENCE AND THOSE OF OTHER
PEOPLE SHE KNOWS ON BEHALF
OF JAPHETH AND MYSELF, I THANK
LYNN FOR HER CAMPAIGN IN
SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY AND
WITH YOU ALL THE BEST IN YOUR
NEXT ENDEAVORS.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DOUG SONG,
DOUG SONG POLITICAL SPOUSE AND
SONGS PROUD SUPPORTER.
LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT MY WIFE.
MANY OF YOU LITTLE LYNN IS A
COUNCILWOMAN WHO HELPED
SHEPHERD OUR AFFORDABLE HOUSING
MILLICH BUT I KNOW SOMEONE WHO
SEES PUBLIC SERVICE REALLY CALL
TO CREATE PATHWAYS FOR OTHERS.
SHE UNDERSTANDS THE TRUE
PROGRESS REQUIRES CHANGING NOT
JUST POLICIES BUT WHO SITS AT
THE TABLE DOESN'T JUST TALK
ABOUT REPUTATION.
SHE HAS ACTUALLY WORKED TO
BUILD IT.
SHE RECRUITED AND SUPPORT
CANDIDATES WHO REFLECTED
COMMUNITY DIVERSITY HELPING TO
ELECT CYNTHIA HARRISON AND
CHRIS WATSON IN HIS FIRST BLACK
CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS IN 15
YEARS.
HER VISION FOR INCLUSIVE
LEADERSHIP EXTENDS BEYOND CITY
LIMITS SUPPORTING
GROUNDBREAKING CANDIDATES LIKE
LIKE MY SONG NO RELATION OVER
MACOMB COUNTY GABRIELA SANTIAGO
MAURO AND DETROIT.
SHE UNDERSTANDS THAT BUILDING
MORE DEMOCRACY MEANS SUPPORTING
BIPAC LEADERS REALLY ACROSS
MICHIGAN.
WHAT DRIVES LYNN IS A DEEP
UNDERSTANDING THAT POLICY
CHANGES CAN TRANSFORM LIVES.
SHE COULD JUST SUPPORT A
GUARANTEED BASIC INCOME PILOT.
SHE WANT TO MAKE SURE MAKE IT A
REALITY BECAUSE SHE KNOWS HOW
STABILIZING INCOME CAN KEEP
FAMILIES WHOLE WHICH EXPANDED
REGULATIONS FOR HOME BASED
BUSINESSES WASN'T JUST ZONING
IT WAS ABOUT CREATING ECONOMIC
OPPORTUNITIES FOR EVERYONE.
>> OUR COMMUNITY AND THE
COUNCIL ROLE.
FEW PEOPLE REALLY KNOW HOW
LYNN'S WORKED TIRELESSLY BEHIND
THE SCENES ENDLESSLY WINNING
FUNDING AND RESOURCES FOR MOST
VULNERABLE
NEIGHBORS FROM
REFUGEE FAMILIES SEEKING NEW
START TO SENIORS NEEDING
SUPPORT TO RESIDENTS
EXPERIENCING HOMELESSNESS.
SHE'S SHOWN A COMPASSIONATE
GOVERNANCE IS JUST A BUSINESS
JUST ABOUT PASSING RESOLUTIONS.
IT'S ABOUT BUILDING BRIDGES
BETWEEN RESOURCES IN NEED AND
ALL THE WHILE CHAMPIONING THESE
TRANSFORMATIVE INITIATIVES.
SHE'S AN EQUAL TO OUR FAMILY
HELPING OUR DAUGHTER ENTER HIGH
SCHOOL AND MODEL U.N. AND GET
TO COLLEGE AND SERVING AS A
POLL WORKER SOMEHOW MANAGING TO
TURN OUR PUPPY INTO A MOSTLY
WELL-BEHAVED FAMILY MEMBER.
>> SHE'S DEMONSTRATED THAT
PUBLIC SERVICE AND FAMILY
AREN'T REALLY COMPETING
PRIORITIES.
THEY'RE BOTH ABOUT CREATING A
BETTER FUTURE FOR EVERYONE.
LYNN, YOU'VE HELPED NOT JUST
MAKE IT OVER BUT OUR ENTIRE
REGION A MORE EQUITABLE, MORE
INCLUSIVE AND MORE
REPRESENTATIVE PLACE TO BE.
YOUR WORK HAS CREATED RIPPLES
THAT WILL LAST WELL BEYOND YOUR
TIME IN COUNCIL.
WELL, I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO
GETTING BACK SOME OF OUR
EVENINGS AND SOME WEEKENDS.
I KNOW YOUR COMMITMENT TO
BUILDING INCLUSIVE DEMOCRACY
WILL CONTINUE IN MANY NEW WAYS
.
>> THANK YOU FOR SHOWING US ALL
WHAT PROGRESSIVE PEOPLE SENATE
LEADERSHIP TRULY MEANS PROVING
THAT WHEN WE OPEN DOORS FOR
OTHERS WE ALL RISE TOGETHER.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JOHN
LOWENSTEIN OH I'M SORRY
MICHELLE GRAHAM.
WHEN I CALLED THE CITY CLERK I
REQUESTED NOT TO FOLLOW QUINN
BUT I DID IT NO.
I SHOULD REQUEST ALSO NOT TO
DOUG.
GOOD EVENING COUNCIL MEMBERS
AND THANK YOU FOR ALLOWING ME
TO BE HERE TONIGHT.
MY NAME IS MICHELLE AND MY
FAMILY RELOCATED TO ANN ARBOR
FROM SAN FRANCISCO ABOUT
FIFTEEN YEARS AGO.
I MET LYNNE SOON AFTER WE'VE
RESIDED IN WARD TWO SINCE THEN
AND LYNN SONG IS A COUNCIL HERO
IN THE WAKE OF THIS WEEK'S
ELECTION.
WHAT I WANT TO SHARE WITH YOU
TONIGHT FEELS A BIT RAW AND
UNPOLISHED AND IT FEELS MORE
IMPORTANT TO ME THAN EVER WHAT
I WANT TO SPEAK TO TONIGHT IS
WHAT I KNOW AND CONTINUE TO
LEARN ABOUT THE POWER
OF COMPASSION IN POLITICS AND
TONIGHT SURPRISE SURPRISE.
I WANT TO HONE IN ON LYNN
THROUGHOUT THE PAST FOUR YEARS
I'VE WITNESSED HER RESOLVE TO
ALWAYS EVERY SINGLE DAY MARRY
ACTIONABLE POLICIES AND
INTERVENTIONS WITH COMPASSION,
CURIOSITY, TRANSPARENCY AND
CREATIVITY A HUGE DOSE OF HUMOR
TOO.
WHENEVER I FIND MYSELF NEEDING
COMMUNITY RESOURCES I CALL IN
FIRST A FEW YEARS AGO THAT CALL
CAME WHEN A NEIGHBORHOOD BOY
WAS TRAGICALLY KILLED WHILE
CROSSING THE STREET BETWEEN
PARK IN HERE ON LYNN WAS ON IT
AND TODAY WE HAVE NEW
CROSSWALKS, SPEED LIMITS AND
SIGNAGE.
THAT SAME YEAR I REACHED OUT TO
LIN AFTER A NUMBER OF OUR
BELOVED KIDS IN OUR COMMUNITY
HAD DIED BY SUICIDE AND THEIR
FAMILIES WERE SHATTERED AND OUR
COMMUNITY WAS FRACTURED.
AND THEN JUST THIS MORNING
AFTER LEARNING ABOUT A YOUNG
MOM AT RISK OF LOSING HER
FAMILY'S HOUSING A PARENT TO TO
ANN ARBOR SCHOOLCHILDREN AND
ONE OF OUR VERY OWN BUS DRIVERS
I TEXTED AND AGAIN ASKED FOR
HER HELP AND WITHIN FIVE
MINUTES LYNN HAD CONNECTED ME
TO THE NAMES OF VARIOUS
PROGRAMS, SCHOOL CONTACTS AND
COMMUNITY ALLIES.
AND THEN IN AN HOUR I WAS ABLE
TO CALL THIS MOM AND PROMISED
THAT HER FAMILY WILL NOT BE
HOMELESS BEYOND GOVERNANCE AND
POLICY MAKING AND CREATING A
WELCOMING COMMUNITY, LYNN'S
LIFE AS A CHORUS THAT ECHOES TO
EVERYONE YOU ARE SAFE.
YOU ARE CARED FOR AND YOU ARE
LOVED.
MY GUESS IS EVERY SINGLE PERSON
IN THIS ROOM HAS EXPERIENCED
THAT MULTIPLE TIMES.
>> I'M GUESSING THE BACKDROP
OF IS HER UNRELENTING AND
FIERCE DETERMINATION TO CREATE
AFFORDABLE HOUSING A SEAT AT
THE TABLE FOR THE MARGINALIZED
AMONG US TRANS KIDS, REFUGEES
AND HOUSED MEMBERS OF OUR
COMMUNITY SURVIVORS OF SUICIDE
AND PARENTS WHO ARE SUFFERING.
I COULD GO ON ALL NIGHT HER
REFUSAL TO NEVER SEPARATE
POLICY FROM COMPASSION IS
CHANGING OUR WORLD.
ONE BOWL OF KIMCHI FRIED RICE
AT THE TIME BECAUSE LIN NEVER
FORGOT HER OWN STORY AS A CHILD
OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN REFUGEES,
SHE'S ALSO NEVER SEPARATED HER
ROLE IN POLITICS FROM
COMPASSION AND ON HER LAST
NIGHT HERE AS A COUNCIL MEMBER
AND ON THIS WEEK IN OUR COUNTRY
WHEN MILLIONS OF PEOPLE FEEL
LEFT AND BEHIND AND TERRIFIED,
WE NEED MORE OF THAT AND SO I
ASK YOU TO DO THAT.
LIN, THANKS FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP
AND YOUR FRIENDSHIP AND THANKS
FOR NEVER GIVING UP ON THIS
COMMUNITY IN OUR COUNTRY.
I'M GRATEFUL.
THANK YOU.
WE'VE NOW REACHED FIVE MINUTES
,COUNCILMAN DENHA.
>> THANK YOU, MAYOR.
>> I WOULD MOVE THAT WE SUSPEND
THE RULES TO ALLOW FOR THE
COMPLETION OF PUBLIC COMMENT.
I BELIEVE THERE'S NO NO DEBATE
ON THAT BUT THERE'S A TWO
THIRDS VOTE.
CORRECT.
AND ANY DISCUSSION ABOUT
WHETHER THEY'RE SECOND TAKEN BY
COUNCILOR HARRISON IS THERE A
DISCUSSION WELL IN FAVOR
PROPOSED.
>> IT'S APPROVED.
THE RULES ARE SUSPENDED.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DENOUNCING
HE DIDN'T DO THAT.
YOU'RE IN TROUBLE.
SO I WANT TO TALK ABOUT LIN.
BUT FIRST I WANT AS CO-CHAIR
OF TO SEE THREE THE ANN ARBOR
CAMPUS COMMUNITY COALITION.
I WANTED TO INVITE THE
COMMUNITY AND ALL OF YOU TO
COMMUNITIES TALK.
IT'S NOVEMBER 20TH AT THE
DOWNTOWN LIBRARY FROM FIVE
THIRTY TO SEVEN.
IT IS ABOUT EXPLORING KANAB
TRENDS IN ANN ARBOR, A
BICENTENNIAL JOURNEY THROUGH
CULTURE, SOCIAL JUSTICE AND
WELLNESS.
THIS IS LINKED TO THE ANN ARBOR
DISTRICT LIBRARY COMMEMORATION
OF THE CITY'S BICENTENNIAL AND
THEY'VE BEEN WORKING WITH US IN
EIGHT TO SEE THREE.
ONE OF THEIR ARCHIVIST HAS DONE
A FANTASTIC JOB OF COLLECTING
ALL KINDS OF INFORMATION ABOUT
THE HISTORY OF CANNABIS IN ANN
ARBOR FROM MADNESS TO
LEGALIZATION TO NOW WHEN YOU
CAN GO THROUGH TOWN AND IF YOU
SEE STORES CAKE AND BUTTER YOU
MIGHT THINK THEIR BAKERIES BUT
THAT WE THAT YOU'VE BEEN IN A
LONG TERM COMA SO IN ANY CASE
IT SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
I'LL SEND YOU MORE INFORMATION
AS IT GETS CLOSER TO THE TIME.
SO NOW I ALSO WANT TO THANK MY
GOOD FRIEND LYNN LINSON FOUR
YEARS AGO LYNN RAN AGAINST
SOMEONE PRETENDING TO BE
SOMETHING THAT SHE WASN'T AND
LYNN WON AND THAT'S BECAUSE SHE
IS THE GENUINE ARTICLE.
SHE IS SAGE, SHE IS WISE, SHE
IS CARING.
THERE'S NOT A MEAN BONE IN HER
BODY ANYWAY WAY I'M GOING TO
CROSS THAT OUT.
NO THE THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
ABOUT LYNN IS THAT SHE IS
GENEROUS.
SHE IS THE MOST GENEROUS PERSON
I KNOW.
SHE'S TAUGHT US ALL ABOUT
GENEROSITY.
SHE'S TAUGHT HER CHILDREN TO BE
GENEROUS AND I THINK SHE HAS
BEEN A WONDERFUL MENTOR TO HER
SUCCESSOR.
WE'RE SO LUCKY TO HAVE HAD LYNN
AND TO HAVE HER MENTOR JOHN
MALLIK WHO'S GOING TO BE A
WONDERFUL COUNCIL MEMBER AND
IT'S THE ONE OPTIMISTIC FACT
ABOUT THE NEXT FOUR YEARS IS
THAT WE WILL HAVE SOMEONE WHO
IS IS SO GREAT TO ALSO REPLACE
WHILE YOU'RE IRREPLACEABLE AND
BUT TO COME AND BE COUNCIL
MEMBER IN YOUR PLACE AND THANK
YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR SERVICE AND
I KNOW WE HAVE NOT SEEN THE
LAST OF YOU AROUND THESE PARTS
.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS BRANDON AND
JEFF.
WELL, I DIDN'T PLAN ON BEING
LAUGHED.
I JUST PROCRASTINATED UNTIL
FOUR FORTY FIVE.
I CALLED THE CLERK'S OFFICE SO
SINCE TWENTY OF TWENTY ONE
PEOPLE WERE HERE TO SAY NICE
THINGS ABOUT LYNN I THOUGHT I
WOULD DO A ROAST.
IS THAT OKAY OR NOT REALLY BUT
I DO I THINK I FEEL OBLIGATED
TO TELL A FOOD STORY SO I'M ONE
OF MY FAVORITE MEMORIES FROM
THE PANDEMIC IS WHEN LYNN WAS
PUTTING KIMCHI OUT IN LIKE A
COOLER ON HER FRONT PORCH
BECAUSE EVERYONE WAS SOCIAL
DISTANCING AND STUFF AND AND
AND I CAME BY TO SNEAK MY MY
JAR OF KIMCHI AND SHE SAW ME
AND CAME OUT AND THEN WE LIKE
TALKED FOR AN HOUR AND SHE
SHOWED ME DOUG SKATE PARK IN
THE BACKYARD AND ALL THIS
STUFF.
SO THAT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS GREAT.
IT WAS A GREAT MOMENT OF LIKE
EVERYONE WAS KIND OF ISOLATED
AND AND WE HAD A LITTLE BIT
OF SOCIAL DISTANCE FUN THERE
UNEXPECTEDLY AND IT WAS YOU
KNOW, IT WAS IT WAS A RELIEF AT
A TIME AND WHEN I REALLY NEEDED
IT SO THANK YOU FOR THAT.
I'M GOING TO READ WHAT I
ACTUALLY WROTE HERE AND YOU
WILL YOU WILL NOTE THAT I'M NOT
AS GOOD OF A SPEECHWRITER AS
MANY OF THE OTHER PEOPLE HAVE
COME BEFORE ME.
BUT I WISH I WERE UNDER HAPPIER
CIRCUMSTANCES AND SPEAKING TO
YOU TODAY MANY OF US FEAR THAT
OUR COUNTRY IS HEADED DOWN A
DARK PATH BUT I'M CONFIDENT
YOU'LL REACT WITH DETERMINATION
TO PROTECT THE RIGHTS OF THOSE
IN OUR COMMUNITY AND THAT WE
WILL GET THROUGH THE NEXT FOUR
YEARS IF WE STICK TOGETHER.
COUNCILMAN WHICH SONG?
LYNN YOUR SERVICE TO OUR
COMMUNITY GIVES ME CONFIDENCE
THAT ANN ARBOR WILL SURVIVE AND
THRIVE DESPITE WHAT MIGHT BE
GOING AT SIXTEEN HUNDRED
PENNSYLVANIA AVE. A LONG
HISTORY OF ADVOCACY, COMMUNITY
BUILDING AND DETERMINATION THE
INSPIRATION THAT WE NEED
ESPECIALLY AT TIMES LIKE THIS
YOU ALWAYS STAND UP FOR
VULNERABLE MEMBERS OF OUR
COMMUNITY AND BRING PEOPLE
TOGETHER TO FIGHT THE GOOD
FIGHT.
I'M SAD TO SEE YOU LEAVE
COUNCIL BUT I'M INCREDIBLY
THANKFUL FOR YOUR FOUR YEARS
OF SERVICE FOR OUR CITY.
I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THE
FUTURE HOLDS.
I FULLY EXPECT TO BE FIGHTING
AT YOUR SIDE TO PRESERVE,
PROTECT AND DEFEND OUR RIGHTS
AS WE NAVIGATE THE FUTURE
TOGETHER.
JOHN MALIK HAS SOME REALLY BIG
SHOES TO FILL.
I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT HE BAKES
COOKIES SO LIKE BUT ONCE AGAIN
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING THAT
YOU'VE DONE AND AND EVERYTHING
THAT YOU WILL DO IN THE FUTURE.
YOU KNOW, WE ALL LOVE THANK YOU
.
ARE THERE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM COUNCIL
MEMBER DENHA I'LL
START.
SO FIRST FIRST OF ALL I WOULD
LIKE TO ALSO EXPRESS A HUGE
THANKS TO OUR EXCEPTIONAL CITY
CLERK, OUR ENTIRE STAFF AND ALL
OF THE MEMBERS OF OUR COMMUNITY
WHO WORKED AT THE POLLS AND
MADE OUR ELECTIONS POSSIBLE
THIS LAST WEEK.
I KNOW THAT THE AMOUNT OF TIME
WORK AND ENERGY THAT GOES INTO
THAT IS NOT SEEN BY MAN BUT
YOU ARE THE THE UNSUNG HEROES
OF OUR DEMOCRACY AND SO THANK
YOU.
WELL, WE HAD A LOT TO CELEBRATE
HERE LOCALLY.
I ALSO KNOW THAT A LOT IN OUR
COMMUNITY ARE REALLY
HEARTBROKEN AT THE RESULTS,
TROUBLED BY THE RESULTS,
WORRIED AND AFRAID I AM TOO.
WE SAW WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE SO
WE KNOW WHAT'S COMING.
PLEASE TAKE CARE OF YOURSELVES.
SUPPORT ONE ANOTHER, CHECK ON
YOUR NEIGHBORS, DEMONSTRATE AND
CHERISH KINDNESS.
YOU KNOW NOW EVEN MORE THAN
LAST TIME LOCAL LEADERS HERE IN
ANN ARBOR AND AROUND THE
COUNTRY NEED TO STAND READY TO
PROTECT OUR COMMUNITIES AND I
KNOW THAT OUR LEADERS ARE READY
TO FIGHT EACH AND EVERY DAY FOR
OUR RESIDENTS.
I WAS PRESIDENT OF A NONPROFIT
THE LAST TIME THAT WE
EXPERIENCED THIS PRESIDENCY AND
I ALSO KNOW THAT THERE ARE A
NETWORK OF NONPROFITS IN OUR
COMMUNITY THAT ARE READY TO
SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY IN MANY
WAYS AS WE MOVE FORWARD.
SO LOOK TO ONE ANOTHER AND WE
CAN GET THROUGH THIS.
OUR DEMOCRACY WILL PERSEVERE.
LYNN.
YOU KNOW, I DIDN'T PREPARE
ANYTHING BECAUSE ONCE I SAW ALL
OF THE PEOPLE THAT WERE COMING
I KNEW THAT I WOULD JUST BE
WRITING THINGS THAT EVERYONE
WAS GOING TO SAY ALREADY.
SO I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT I AM
SO GRATEFUL TO HAVE BEEN ABLE
TO SERVE WITH YOU FOR THE LAST
FOUR YEARS TO WITH YOU FOR THE
LAST FOUR YEARS TO LEARN FROM
YOU TO EXPERIENCE ALL OF THAT
EMPATHY AND KINDNESS AND LOVE
THAT EVERYONE HERE CAME TO
SPEAK ABOUT.
YOU ARE A PERSON THAT CHECKS IN
ON PEOPLE THAT MAKE SURE PEOPLE
ARE FEELING SAFE AND INCLUDED
AND WELCOME AND THAT IS
SOMETHING THAT IS SO
UNDERVALUED AND IT'S SO
IMPORTANT.
AND SO THANK YOU WHETHER YOU
KNOW YOUR NERVING OUT OVER YOUR
MUNICIPAL CRUSHES OR WATCHING
THE 10 OF US FIGHT OVER YOUR
HOMEMADE PICKLES OR COUNTERING
HATE SPEECH WITH GIFTS TO
NONPROFITS THAT ARE GOING TO
LIFT PEOPLE UP OR PRIORITIZING
POLICY AND BUDGET IN WAYS THAT
WILL IMPROVE LIVES EACH EVERY
DAY.
WE ARE ALL BETTER BECAUSE
OF YOUR SERVICE AND OUR CITY IS
BETTER BECAUSE OF YOUR SERVICE
AND I KNOW JUST LIKE EVERYONE
ELSE THAT THIS ABSOLUTELY NOT
THE END FOR YOU.
YOU WILL FIND WAYS TO CONTINUE
TO MAKE AN IMPACT PROBABLY EVEN
BIGGER ONES WHEN YOU'RE NOT,
YOU KNOW, CONSTRAINED TO WHAT
YOU CAN DO IN A MEETING BUT
RATHER WHAT YOU CAN DO EACH AND
EVERY DAY.
BUT I JUST WANT TO THANK YOU SO
MUCH FOR SPENDING THE LAST FOUR
YEARS WITH IT'S GOING TO BE
REALLY WEIRD NOT TO HAVE YOU
HERE BUT I KNOW THAT WE CAN ALL
CALL ON YOU AND I JUST WANT TO
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR
FRIENDSHIP.
THANKS, COUNCILOR HARRISON.
SPEAKING OF CONSTRAINTS,
COUNSELOR HARRISON.
THANK YOU, MAYOR.
I DO WANT TO START OUT BY
THANKING BOTH CLARK POETRY AND
HER STAFF AND ALL THEY DID THEY
DID AN AMAZING JOB TWO DAYS
AGO.
OUR CITY AND OUR COUNTRY
PARTICIPATED IN ELECTIONS THAT
HAVE STIRRED MANY EMOTIONS.
I KNOW THAT FOR SOME IN OUR
COMMUNITY THE RESULTS BRING
DISAPPOINTMENT AND CONCERN
ABOUT THE FUTURE.
BUT WE RYAN OVER AND WE HAVE
FACED CHALLENGES BEFORE WE WILL
FACE THEM AGAIN STRONGER AND
MORE UNITED EACH TIME HERE IN
OUR CITY MANY OF OUR NEIGHBORS
CAST THEIR VOTES FOR A FUTURE
DEFINED BY OPPORTUNITY AND
INCLUSION.
OUR COLLECTIVE WORK IS MORE
IMPORTANT THAN EVER NOT US TO
RESPOND TO NATIONAL CHANGES BUT
TO BUILD AN OPPORTUNITY ECONOMY
RIGHT HERE WITH AN EIGHT HOUR
WE CAN ENSURE THAT OUR GROWTH
AND PROGRESS ARE FOR EVERYONE
REGARDLESS OF THE SHIPS
HAPPENING AROUND US.
IT WAS HARD QUITE FRANKLY IT
WAS HARD COMING HERE THIS
EVENING AND SPEAKING TONIGHT
BUT I WANTED TO REAFFIRM MY
COMMITMENT TO CREATING A CITY
WHERE ALL VOICES ARE VALUED,
WHERE HOPE IS ROOTED IN ACTION
AND MORE RESILIENCE IS THE
HEART OF OUR COMMUNITY IN
MOMENTS LIKE THIS
DISAPPOINTMENT CANNOT DIVIDE
US.
WE CAN'T LET STOP US FROM
WORKING TOGETHER, FROM STRIVING
FOR A BETTER, MORE INCLUSIVE
ANN ARBOR BEFORE I CLOSE I WANT
TO EXTEND MY HEARTFELT THANKS
TO MY FRIEND COUNCIL MEMBER ONE
SONG FOR HER SERVICE LET HAS
BEEN A GRACIOUS MENTOR TO ME
AND I DEEPLY APPRECIATE ALL
THAT SHE'S DONE TO ADVANCE
INCLUSIVE AND EQUALITY THROUGH
HER WORK IN GOVERNMENT AND IN
COMMUNITY.
THANK YOU AGAIN FOR YOUR
SUPPORT, YOUR GENEROSITY BUT
MOST IMPORTANT FOR BELIEVING IN
ME.
IT'S GOING TO BE REALLY IT'S
GOING TO BE REALLY HARD TO BE
HERE AND NOT SEE YOU SITTING
NEXT TO ME.
BUT I KNOW THAT WE'LL STILL BE
REACHING OUT TO ONE ANOTHER AND
IN ALL REMAIN CLOSE.
I WISH YOU WELL AND ALL THAT
LIE AHEAD AND I'M TRULY PROUD
TO HAVE SERVED ALONGSIDE
ALONGSIDE OF YOU COUNCIL
BRIERRE THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON FOR
THOSE WORDS ABOUT OUR RECENT
ELECTION I I, I KNOW THERE'S
GOING TO BE A LOT MORE
CONVERSATION AS WE GO FORWARD
ABOUT HOW WE ARE GOING TO
ADDRESS THE CHANGING NATIONAL
LANDSCAPE AND RESPOND TO IT IN
A WAY THAT CONTINUES TO MAKE
ANN ARBOR AN INCLUSIVE,
INCLUSIVE COMMUNITY THAT LOOKS
OUT FOR AND PROTECTS THE MOST
VULNERABLE RESIDENTS AMONG US.
I DO WANT TO TAKE TIME TO TO
READ WHAT I PUT TOGETHER ABOUT
LYNN.
>> I KNEW I WOULD HAVE TO READ
IT SO THAT I DON'T GET IT GET
ALL CHOKED UP HERE.
IT IS FAIRLY REPETITIVE WITH A
LOT OF THE THINGS THAT WE'VE
HEARD TONIGHT.
IN FACT I THINK IT'D BE
WONDERFUL IF ONE OF OUR ONE
OF OUR TECH FOLKS COULD TAKE
THESE COMMENTS AND PUT TOGETHER
A WORD CLOUD OR SOMETHING
BECAUSE I'M CHECKING THROUGH MY
WORDS AND THEY'RE JUST WE ALL
FEEL IT ABOUT ABOUT LIN.
SO LIN'S CONTRIBUTIONS ON
COUNCIL HAVE LEFT AN INDELIBLE
MARK ON OUR COMMUNITY.
SHE'S EXEMPLIFIED WHAT IT MEANS
TO SERVE WITH PURPOSE, VISION
AND COMMITMENT TO HELPING ALL
WHO LIVE AND WORK HERE,
ESPECIALLY MARGINALIZED
COMMUNITIES.
HER TENURE ON COUNCIL HAS BEEN
MARKED BY EMPATHY, COMPASSION
AND AN INDEFATIGABLE DEDICATION
TO CREATING A MORE INCLUSIVE
ANN ARBOR.
HER WORK ON COUNCIL HAS
ADDRESSED SOME OF THE MOST
PRESSING ISSUES FACING OUR CITY
FROM AFFORDABLE HOUSING TO
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE TO
INCREASED FUNDING FOR HUMAN
SERVICES AND SO MUCH MORE.
HER EFFORTS HAVE BEEN EFFECTIVE
AND MORE IMPORTANTLY ROOTED IN
EQUITY.
>> LYNN HAS ALWAYS BEEN AN
ADVOCATE FOR INCLUSIVE CITY IN
OUR LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND WE SEE
IT AS WE LOOK AROUND THIS ROOM.
SHE'S CREATED NEW OPPORTUNITIES
FOR RESIDENTS TO SPEAK UP AND
GET INVOLVED IN THEIR LOCAL
GOVERNMENT AND THE DIVERSITY
OF LIVED EXPERIENCES
REPRESENTED BY NEW VOICES IS
MAKING A HUGE AND LASTING
IMPACT ON THE WORK WE DO.
AND SHE HAS BEEN AN UNSHAKABLE
FORCE SPEAKING OUT AND WORKING
AGAINST HATE AND DISCRIMINATION
IN OUR COMMUNITY.
BUT WHAT IS MAYBE MOST
IMPRESSIVE IS HOW LYNN BRINGS
PEOPLE TOGETHER IN CRISIS WHEN
SHELTERS OVERFLOW, WHEN SCHOOLS
SHUT DOWN CHILD CARE WHEN
RESIDENTS ARE UNFAIRLY FACING
EVICTION.
LYNN KNOWS WHO TO CONVENE TO
SOLVE PROBLEMS AND GET THINGS
DONE.
AND OF COURSE LYNN'S LEGACY
BEGAN LONG BEFORE HER SERVICE
ON COUNCIL REACHES FAR BEYOND
HER WORK ON COUNCIL AND WILL
EXTEND LONG AFTER LYNN, THANK
YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE
HERE.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR VISION FOR
YOUR HEART, FOR YOUR SNACKS,
FOR YOUR INFECTIOUS LAUGHTER
AND FOR BEING NOT JUST A
COUNCIL COLLEAGUE BUT A FRIEND
A FRIEND WHO'S BEEN THERE TIME
AND TIME AGAIN FOR ME AND
OTHERS.
SO GOOD LUCK IN YOUR NEXT STEPS
WE ARE GOING TO CONTINUE TO
BENEFIT FROM THE WORK YOU DO
NOT JUST HERE IN ANN ARBOR BUT
THROUGHOUT MICHIGAN AND
THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE COUNTRY.
>> THANK YOU, COUNCILMAN GARCIA
.
I WAS NOT AWARE I WOULD BE
FOLLOWING UP BECAUSE OF A
BRIER'S REMARKS AND YOU KNOW,
FIRSTLY I WANT TO THANK
CLERKENWELL FOR EVERYTHING YOU
AND YOUR OFFICE DID DURING THIS
ELECTION THOUGH I WISH THE
RESULTS WERE MUCH DIFFERENT.
I KNOW HOW HARD YOU ALL WORK SO
THANK YOU.
>> I WANT TO TELL A STORY ABOUT
HIM.
>> SO I MET LYNN IN TWENTY
TWENTY TWO.
I'M ALSO GOING TO READ IT SO I
DON'T GET TOO EMOTIONAL.
I MET LYNN IN TWENTY TWENTY TWO
THROUGH MY WORK AS A HUMAN
RIGHTS COMMISSIONER AND SHE
CALLED ME AFTER A MEETING AND
ASKED ME TO THINK ABOUT RUNNING
AND I WAS PREGNANT AND I SAID I
SWERVED OFF THE ROAD AND I TOLD
HER THAT I DIDN'T THINK THAT I
COULD AND SHE TOLD ME THAT SHE
THOUGHT I COULD.
YOU TRULY HAVE A GIFT OF SEEING
CONNECTIONS BETWEEN PEOPLE AND
COMMUNITIES AND YOU'RE ABLE TO
INTEGRATE THE STORY OF YOUR
LIFE AND THE STORIES OF THE
MOST VULNERABLE THAT YOU'VE
WORKED WITH IN SUCH AN
IMPACTFUL WAY.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ABILITY TO
WEAVE OUR COMMUNITY TOGETHER IN
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL WAY AND FOR
INSPIRING ME TO RUN AND
INSPIRING ME TO BE A BETTER
PUBLIC SERVANT AND FOR SHOWING
US ALSO WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE TO
SERVE IN A WAY THAT'S BOTH
VULNERABLE AND STRONG.
>> THANK YOU FOR NOT JUST
MAKING SURE THAT THE MOST
VULNERABLE ARE AT THE TABLE BUT
THEY ALSO HAVE A SEAT AT THE
TABLE AND FOR BRINGING PEOPLE
INTO PLACES OF POWER WITH YOU
TO SHIFT A LITTLE BIT TO TALK
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED ON TUESDAY.
YOU KNOW, AS AN INDIAN AMERICAN
VOTING FOR KAMALA HARRIS WAS
ONE OF THE PROUDEST MOMENTS
OF MY LIFE.
BUT LIKE MANY OF YOU I'M STILL
PROCESSING WHAT HAPPENED AND
I'M DEVASTATED BY THE RESULTS
AND I KNOW THAT WE'LL COME
TOGETHER AND WE'LL EMULATE YOU
AND IN HELPING TO FIGHT SO HARD
TO PROTECT THE MOST VULNERABLE
IN OUR COMMUNITY AND I ACTUALLY
SAID THIS I THINK TODAY THE
COUNCIL MEMBER CYNTHIA HARRISON
WHERE I SHARE THAT IN THIS
BLEAK DARK PLACE THAT WE FIND
OURSELVES AS A NATION, I FEEL
SAFER KNOWING THAT SOMEONE LIKE
LYNN WHO IS SUCH A POWERFUL
FORCE OF GOOD IS OUT THERE
FIGHTING THE BIGGER MONSTERS.
THANK YOU.
BRITISH
.
>> I WILL BE BRIEF BECAUSE
EVERYONE HAS BEEN WONDERFUL BUT
I WANT TO BEGIN AS MANY OF US
HAVE AND SAY THAT THE ONE
BRIGHT SPOT ON TUESDAY EVENING
WHICH WAS NOT FULL OF BRIGHT
SPOTS, IT WAS FULL OF RED SPOTS
WAS A NEARLY 10 MINUTE PBS
SPECIAL ON SCHOOLS THAT HAVE
UNIVERSITIES THAT WERE CREATING
VOTING CENTERS AND MICHIGAN'S
WAS THE STAR OF THE SHOW THERE
WAS NO INTERVIEW OF YOU MISS
BEAUDRY, BUT IT WAS YOUR BABY
AND IT WAS ABOUT WE WERE ABOUT
KNOWING THAT THINGS WERE OVER
AND MY FRIEND SAID LET ME SHOW
YOU THIS WONDERFUL THING AND WE
WATCHED THAT AND I THANK YOU
BECAUSE I CAN'T TAKE THAT AWAY
THAT THAT'S YOU KNOW, THESE ARE
LASTING WORK.
>> THIS IS FOUNDATIONS AND
THERE'S A LOT THAT CAN'T BE
TAKEN AWAY BY THAT HIDEOUS
RESULT FROM TUESDAY NIGHT AND
AMONG THEM THANK YOU ALL
BECAUSE IT'S THE MESSAGES THAT
YOU HAVE VOTED FOR US.
WE HAVE A LEGISLATIVE SAFETY
NET IN THIS TOWN.
IT WILL BE HARDER WITHOUT
THINGS LIKE ARPA AND THE WHAT
WHAT DID THEY END UP CALLING
IT?
>> IT WAS REALLY THE GREEN BILL
BUT IT WAS THE INFLATION
REDUCTION ACT.
SO WE HAVE THE AFFORDABLE
HOUSING AND THE SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPERS AND WE WILL CONTINUE
TO BE DOING THE WORK THAT WILL
BE ACCOUNTABLE FOR WHAT IS
HAPPENING NATIONALLY AND THAT
IS WHAT CITIES CAN DO.
WE HAVE CONTROL OVER A TON
OF INFRASTRUCTURE THAT IN THE
PAST HAS DONE SOME INJUSTICE
AND IN THIS TOWN FOR MANY YEARS
NOW WE ARE BUILDING JUSTICE
WHERE INJUSTICE WAS AND THAT
THAT CAN'T BE TAKEN AWAY
EITHER.
AND SO WE NEED TO WATCH OUT FOR
PEOPLE WHO ARE VULNERABLE
BECAUSE OF THEIR VISA STATUSES
AND ALL OF THOSE THINGS.
RIGHT.
BUT WE HAVE WORK WE CAN DO.
AND LYNN, YOU HAVE BEEN AN
INSPIRATION.
>> YOU HAVE BEEN AN INSPIRATION
BOTH FOR THE WAYS THAT YOU HAVE
EXTENDED THE IMAGINATION
OF WHAT WE USE OUR POWER FOR
BUT ALSO THE WAY YOU SAY, YOU
KNOW, IF I HAD A MAGIC WAND I
WOULD DO THAT BUT I DON'T.
AND THE NUMBER OF TIMES THAT WE
HAVE TALKED ABOUT ROADS AND HOW
POWER WE ARE TO GET ANYBODY'S
ROAD MOVED UP THE LIST I WILL I
I CHERISH THAT BECAUSE I HEAR A
LOT ABOUT THAT IN WARD ONE.
SO YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU FOR YOUR
EXPANSIVE IMAGINATION AND FOR
YOUR YOU KNOW, CHEERFUL EMBRACE
OF LIMITS AND THANK YOU FOR
FURTHER COMMUNICATION FROM
COUNCIL COUNCILMAN BRACKMAN,
THANK YOU.
TRY NOT TO BE TOO REPETITIVE
BUT I HAVE HAD THE PRIVILEGE
OF SERVING WITH LYNN NOT ONE
BUT TWO ELECTED BOARDS FIRST
THE LIBRARY BOARD AND THEN I
FOLLOWED HER TO THIS ONE.
SO LET ME KNOW WHERE WE'RE
GOING NEXT.
NO NO I'VE COME TO NO NO YOU
FOR YOUR KINDNESS THE WAY YOU
WEAR YOUR HEART ON YOUR SLEEVE.
BUT I THINK WHAT I'M GOING TO
CHERISH THE MOST IS JUST IT
SOUNDS LIKE A CHEESY CLICHE BUT
YOUR RELENTLESS POSITIVITY I
JUST FIND YOU TO BE SUCH AN
ANTIDOTE TO NEGATIVITY AND
ANYONE THAT SERVED IN A PUBLIC
SERVICE ROLE KNOWS THAT SOME
OF THE NEGATIVITY CAN BE RATHER
PRONOUNCED IN YOUR FACE EVEN
JUST THIS PAST WEEKEND I HAD A
KIND OF NEGATIVE DISTURBING
INTERACTION AT A POLLING
LOCATION LIN ROLLED UP LIKE A
HERO WITH SOME HOMEMADE TEA AND
AND SHE COMPLETELY DISARMED
THIS PERSON THAT WAS BEING SO
HOSTILE JUST BY BEING HER AND
I'VE JUST SEEN THAT COUNTLESS
TIMES AND AND CHERISH THAT.
>> THANK YOU FOR THEIR
COMMUNICATION FROM CANCER
COUNCIL MEMBER BRIGS.
THANK YOU.
FIRST I ALSO WANT TO THANK KIRK
VOTARY, CITY ADMINISTRATOR TO
HONY R AND THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT EMERGENCY RESPONSE
SYSTEM WITH TUESDAY'S ELECTION
WAS WAS FRAUGHT WITH A LOT
OF RISK.
THERE WERE A NUMBER OF THREATS
LOCALLY THAT WERE MET AND A LOT
OF THAT WERE PREVENTED BECAUSE
WE HAVE SUCH A SECURE ELECTION
SYSTEM.
SO THANK YOU TO ALL WHO WHO
MADE THAT HAPPEN AND MADE THAT
POSSIBLE.
AND THANKS TO THE VOTERS OF ANN
ARBOR WHO SHOWED UP AND TURNED
OUT AND VOLUNTEERED AND WORKED
HARD AND THIS IS NOT THE RESULT
THAT WE WANTED TO SEE AND IT'S
DISAPPOINTING AND WE'RE ALL
FIGURING OUT HOW TO GET THROUGH
THIS TOGETHER AND I FEEL LIKE
WE CAN GET THROUGH TOGETHER
THIS THIS ROOM IS A MICROCOSM
OF WHAT WE HAVE IN OUR
COMMUNITY.
YOU KNOW, FOUR YEARS AGO WHEN I
RAN FOR THE FIRST TIME WITH
FOUR OTHERS IN THIS ROOM, IT
WAS WE WERE FACING THE SAME FOR
YOU KNOW, MORE OF HORRIFIC
OUTCOME AND THEY HAD A MUCH
BETTER RESPONSE.
YOU KNOW, THEY HAD A MUCH
BETTER RESULT THAT TIME AND IT
WAS A VERY EXCITING TIME.
SO THEN YOU ARE TO BLAME
BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T RUN AGAIN
BECAUSE SOME DIFFERENCE NOW BUT
IT'S BEEN A PLEASURE TO SERVE
WITH YOU.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN SEE JUST FROM
THIS ROOM THE AMOUNT
OF COMMUNITY BUILDING YOU'VE
DONE, THE LEVEL OF POSITIVITY
THAT YOU'VE BROUGHT AND CHEER
AND THE POSITIVITY DURING HARD
TIMES AND AND FACING YOU KNOW,
IT GIVES KAMALA HARRIS SAID,
YOU KNOW, IT'S IN IT'S IN DARK
TIMES THAT THAT WE SEE THE
BRIGHT STARS AND YOU'RE YOU'RE
CERTAINLY ONE OF THOSE THAT
SHINES THE BRIGHTEST IN OUR
COMMUNITY.
SO THANK YOU FOR ALL THE WORK
YOU'VE DONE AND ALL THE WORK
THAT YOU WILL DO.
>> FURTHER COMMUNICATION FROM
COUNCIL COUNCIL MEMBER CORNELL
.
SO I MIGHT BE THE ONLY PERSON
IN THIS ROOM WHO'S REACHED OUT
TO COUNCIL MEMBER SONG AND
BEMOANED THE LACK OF FUNDING
FOR THE ARTS AND OUR COMMUNITY
AND HAD THAT TEXT EXCHANGE AND
IN A GLEEFUL EXCHANGE ABOUT DOG
ICE CREAM AND HOW THAT IS SUCH
A DELIGHTFUL PART OF ANYONE'S
LIFE AND HOW EVERYTHING CAN BE
MADE BEAUTIFUL BY BOTH FOOD AND
ART.
AND SO I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR
THAT SECTOR OF YOUR WORK AND I
DON'T KNOW THAT THAT'S SPOKEN
TO AND IN TERMS OF JUST MAKING
IMPACT AND JUST MAKING THE
WORLD AROUND YOU MORE BEAUTIFUL
,YOU'VE HAD A TRULY PROFOUND
IMPACT ON THIS COMMUNITY AND
THE DIFFERENCE THAT YOU'VE MADE
IN SO MANY LIVES WHETHER OR NOT
PEOPLE KNOW IT IS MEANINGFUL.
AND I HOPE THAT WHEN YOU WALK
OUT OF HERE YOU KNOW THAT AND
THAT YOU KNOW HOW APPRECIATED
YOU ARE AND RESPECTED YOU ARE
FOR THE WORK THAT YOU'VE DONE
AND AFTER YOU LEAVE THIS TABLE
YOU'VE MADE SO MANY CONNECTIONS
FOR ME AND I THIS ENTIRE ROOM
WITH EACH OTHER AND WITH OTHERS
IN OUR COMMUNITY.
AND I THINK THE IMPORTANT PART
FOR ME TO BRING UP IS YOU'VE
CREATED CONNECTIONS BETWEEN
TECH AND ART AND SOCIAL
SERVICES TRANSPORTATION AND IT
ALL PLAYS TOGETHER IN A WAY TO
CREATE COMMUNITY IN A WAY THAT
YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE TO TAKE A
STEP BACK BUT ALSO REALLY LEAN
FORWARD INTO THAT'S MADE A
REALLY LONG LASTING IMPACT ON
OUR TOWN AND COMING OUT
OF TUESDAY WHEN I WAS LAYING IN
BED CRYING AND HE BASICALLY
WERE LIKE GET OUT OF BED AND
LET'S GO MAKE SOME MORE
CONNECTIONS.
>> I'LL REMEMBER THAT IN SUCH A
CRAZY, TERRIBLE TIME.
I'LL REMEMBER THAT.
SO ON A PERSONAL THANK YOU
.
>> HEY MAN, THIS IS THE TIME
IT'S SO LOVELY THAT EVERYONE
HAS HAD SUCH KIND WORDS.
YOU SHOULD KNOW THERE ARE A
COUPLE OF COUNCIL MEMBERS THAT
WENT UPON ELECTION BECAUSE OUR
MEETINGS WERE ORIGINALLY ON
ZOOME BY GIFTED A FOOT MASSAGE
MACHINES SO IT'S TO JUST GET US
THROUGH SOME VERY LONG AND
DIFFICULT MEETINGS WITH FORMER
COUNCIL MEMBERS.
SO THAT'S MY HOT TIP FOR
EVERYONE ENTERING PUBLIC
SERVICE YOU DO NOT HAVE TO
SUFFER WHILE AT THE TABLE.
SO THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR
COMING.
IT'S JUST SO KIND OF TO COME
OUT.
I'LL JUST SHARE SOME
REFLECTIONS.
IN THE PAST FOUR YEARS I'VE
LEARNED THAT AND I CAN FIGHT
FOR EACH OTHER AND NOT WITH
EACH OTHER IN DIFFICULT TIMES
LIKE THE PANDEMIC AND DURING
TRUMP'S PRESIDENCY TO COME INTO
OFFICE AS HE EXITED AND TO
LEAVE NOW AS OUR COUNTRY
EMBRACES HIM ONCE AGAIN TELLS
ME THAT WHILE OUR COMMUNITY HAS
THE RIGHT PRIORITIES, WE HAVE
SO MUCH MORE WORK TO DO FOR
PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND AND TRUST
THE ROLE OF GOVERNMENT IN OUR
LIVES, THE NOISE AND
MISINFORMATION WE MIGHT READ
ONLINE OR WATCHING SOCIAL MEDIA
CANNOT REPLACE THE TRUTH OF THE
WORK AND CAREFUL ATTENTION WE
GIVE TO OUR CITY AND COUNTRY.
EVERYONE AT THIS TABLE HAS
REJECTED HATE AND CYNICISM
AGAINST RESIDENTS AND AGAINST
PUBLIC SERVANTS IN MEANINGFUL
WAYS AT CITY HALL AND IN THE
COMMUNITY.
EVERYONE AT THIS TABLE HAS
ASKED WHETHER THE STATUS QUO IS
ENOUGH OR CAN WE PREPARE FOR
THE FUTURE AS IF OUR LIVES
DEPEND ON IT IN ARBOR DOES NOT
STAND ALONE IN THIS WORK
BECAUSE WE ARE NEIGHBORS AND WE
RECOGNIZE OUR HISTORY AS A CITY
THAT GROWS OVER TIME.
WOMEN BECAME FINANCIALLY
INDEPENDENT BY RUNNING BOARDING
HOMES HERE VETERANS CAME HERE
FOR HIGHER EDUCATION COURTESY
OF THE GI BILL JEWISH
FAMILIES
RENTED AND SOLD HOMES TO BLACK
FAMILIES WHEN OTHER FAMILIES
WOULD NOT.
THIS CITY DIVIDES AND REMEDIES
HARMFUL ECONOMIC RACIST
POLICIES BECAUSE WE ARE A CITY
THAT LEARNS TOGETHER WE BUILT
THE COUNTRY'S FIRST LOW INCOME
SENIOR HOUSING DEVELOPMENT WITH
HUD WE BECAME A SAFE HAVEN FOR
LGBTQ FOLKS FROM AROUND THE
STATE AND WE ARE A CITY WHERE
THE FIRST BORN OF VIETNAMESE
REFUGEES COULD HOLD DOWN TWO
JOBS AS A COMMUTING STUDENT AND
EVENTUALLY BE ELECTED TWICE BY
RESIDENTS FIRST TO THE LIBRARY
BOARD AND THEN TO CITY COUNCIL.
>> BUT WE NEED TO WORK FASTER
BECAUSE WE HAVE PEOPLE MISSING
FROM THIS COMMUNITY BY PARK
RESIDENTS WITH LEGACIES ARE NOW
TOWNSHIP RESIDENTS TOWNEES AND
THEIR ADULT CHILDREN ARE BEING
PRICED OUT OF NEIGHBORHOODS AND
OUR HOUSING WAITLIST TELLS THAT
IT ISN'T LUXURY HOUSING THAT
CONTRIBUTES TO HOMELESSNESS BUT
LIMITED STATE AND FEDERAL
FUNDING IN ADDITION TO OUTDATED
ZONING POLICIES AND REGULATIONS
.
I THINK MY COLLEAGUES HERE FOR
TAKING THIS CHARGE TO HEART IN
EVERY COMMISSION MEETING, EVERY
COUNCIL MEETING, EVERY
CONVERSATION YOU HAVE AT A
LOCAL LEVEL, AT THE STATE LEVEL
AND FEDERAL LEVELS AND WE ARE
ONLY BETTER IF WE DO BETTER
TOGETHER.
SO I'LL BE CHEERING YOU ON WITH
OCCASIONAL VISITS AS A PUBLIC
COMMENTER.
WELL, CONTINUING MY
PHILANTHROPIC WORK IN HOUSING,
JUSTICE, THE ARTS AND SOCIAL
SERVICES IN SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN
,I'M ESPECIALLY EXCITED TO
DOVE DEEPER INTO MY ROLE AS A
BOARD MEMBER ON OUR STATE
HOUSING AUTHORITIES NEW ENTITY
GREAT LAKES HOUSING SERVICES.
THIS IS THE TIME FOR BIPARTISAN
WORK AND TO WELCOME SUCCESS
THAT WE'VE SEEN IN OTHER STATES
LIKE MONTANA, MINNESOTA AND
MARYLAND.
I'VE MOVED ON FROM MUNICIPAL
CRASHES TO STATE IS NOW AND I
WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT THIS
STATE THIS COUNTRY IS WELCOMING
AND THAT WE RECOGNIZE HOW
HOUSING INSECURITY IS A POLICY
CHOICE FAMILY.
I'D LIKE TO THANK MY FAMILY FOR
THEIR PATIENCE AND LOVE AS I
NAVIGATED LOCAL POLITICS AND
COMMUNITY ORGANIZING BEYOND OUR
WONDERFUL NEIGHBORHOOD IN 2016
MY YOUNGEST DAUGHTER ELSA
COSTUME CROWNED AND SHE PASSED
OUT BOOKMARKS FROM MY LIBRARY
CAMPAIGN.
MY OLDEST HELPED ME MAP OUT
CAMPAIGN SIGN DISTRIBUTION
ROUTES AND IN 2020 MY FAMILY
DOORKNOCKED AND MY HUSBAND
SKATEBOARDED TO DROP OFF
CAMPAIGN LITERATURE.
THEY BELIEVED IN ME AND IN MY
HOPES FOR ANN ARBOR.
SO THANK YOU ALL FOR DREAMING
WITH ME AND FOR WORKING IN
PLEASE GET THOSE FOOT MASSAGE
MACHINES THERE.
VERY GOOD DENHA IN ALL COUNCIL
MEMBERS HAVING SPOKEN AND IN A
SOMEWHAT AWKWARD QUARTER NOW
IT'S MY TURN TO SPEAK.
>> PERHAPS I SHOULD HAVE
SUSPENDED ROLES.
WELL I WILL BE BRIEF.
I GOT A COUPLE OF POINTS
OF COURSE FIRST ON THE ELECTION
THERE'S LOTS THAT HAVE BEEN
SAID IN OUR COMMUNITY HERE AT
THE TABLE AND THROUGHOUT.
YOU KNOW, ANGER IS ASCENDANT IN
OUR COUNTRY.
DISTRUST IS ASCENDANT IN OUR
COUNTRY.
BUT I THINK FOLKS WHO LOOK
AROUND THIS ROOM LOOK AROUND,
UNDERSTAND THEIR GOVERNMENT,
UNDERSTAND THEIR COMMUNITY,
KNOW THAT THAT'S NOT THE CASE
IN ANN ARBOR IN ANN ARBOR WE
HAVE A GOVERNMENT THAT IS
COMMITTED TO THE COMMUNITY, TO
EVERY MEMBER OF THE COMMUNITY.
WE HERE AT CITY HALL AND INDEED
SO MANY THROUGHOUT OUR TOWN WE
LOVE OUR NEIGHBOR AND WE HAVE A
FAITH IN FUTURE AND WE'RE NOT
GIVING UP ON EITHER.
THAT'S GOING TO SAY ABOUT THAT
FOR NOW AND THE ELECTION IS A
MATTER OF PROCESS AND STRUCTURE
.
I DO WANT TO THANK THE ENTIRE
MUNICIPAL ORGANIZATION WITH
RESPECT TO TUESDAY AND THE
TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF WORK THAT
GOES INTO TUESDAY IN
ADMINISTERING A FAIR AND FREE
AND SECURE ELECTION.
>> YOU KNOW, COUNCIL MEMBER
COUNCIL MEMBER BUJI MAYBE
SOMEDAY CLARK POUDRE AND HER
STAFF HAVE BEEN ABSOLUTELY
INCREDIBLE.
WE ALL KNOW THAT RUNNING
ELECTIONS REQUIRES DILIGENCE
AND PRECISION AND AND GOOD
CHEER AND THAT'S WHAT WE SEE
OUR PERMANENT STAFF OF COURSE
IN THE CLERK'S OFFICE AND ALL
THE MEMBERS OF OUR COMMUNITY
WHO WHO BECOME TEMPORARY
ELECTION WORKERS, THEY THEY
JUST REALLY IT AND ARE PROUD WE
HAD THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE VOTING
EARLY ABSENTEE ON THE DAY,
THOUSANDS PEOPLE REGISTERING
EARLY ON THE DAY IT WAS IT WAS
A JOY TO SEE WE HAD NEWS NEWS
CREWS LOOKING AROUND FOR THE
LINES, LOOKING AROUND FOR FOR
THE PROBLEMS JUST NOT HERE.
I'D ALSO LIKE TO ADD WE
ELECTION SEASON DOES NOT OCCUR
IN A VACUUM.
IT OCCURS DURING FOOTBALL
SEASON THAT OCCUR AND WE HAVE
ALL THE FESTIVALS AND THE THE
THE NOVELTY OF THE UNIVERSITY
CALENDAR.
WE HAVE RALLIES AND EVENTS AND
MARCHES AND PROTESTS AND THOSE
THINGS DO NOT HAPPEN WITHOUT
THEY DO NOT HAPPEN SAFELY
WITHOUT OUR INCREDIBLE FIRST
RESPONDERS ON THE SCENE AT
CRUCIALLY IN THE BACKGROUND AND
IN THE PLANNING WORKING HARD
EVERY DAY AND HARDER STILL THE
NEXT TO TO MAKE IT HAPPEN AND
SO IN ADDITION TO TO THE
ELECTION OFFICIALS, I ALSO WANT
TO GIVE A SINCERE AND EARNEST
AND THAT A DEBT OF THANKS TO
OUR FIRST RESPONDERS, OUR FIRE
DEPARTMENT, OUR POLICE
DEPARTMENT AND OUR EMERGENCY
OPERATION STAFF AND GOD KNOWS
WHO ELSE I'VE FORGOTTEN.
BUT THEY WELL, THEY DID THE
CITY PROUD UP AND DOWN THE LINE
AS THEY AS THEY ALWAYS DO.
>> SO THAT'S THAT I'D LIKE TO
REQUEST CONFIRMATION FOR THE
FOLLOWING APPOINTMENTS THAT
WERE PRESENTED TO CITY COUNCIL
ON OCTOBER TWENTY ONE TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR TO THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMUNICATION
ERIC SEIFER AND KATE FALLOWING
KEVIN MOTION PLEASE MOVE BY
COUNCILMAN MEMBER QUINELLA
SECOND BY COUNTS MIRACLEMAN
DISCUSSION.
>> WAIT A MINUTE I'VE GOT TO
SAY SOME PEOPLE DID OH NO IT'S
NOT ALL IN FAVOR OPPOSED IT'S
APPROVED.
I THINK I STILL TECHNICALLY
HAVE THE FLOOR IN COMMISSIONER
I'M SO GOOD I LOOKED OVER IN
THIS DIRECTION.
>> WELL I'LL SAY THIS
EVERYTHING THAT HAS BEEN SAID
IN THIS ROOM IS TRUE.
SHE'S INSPIRED ME FOR SO MANY
DIFFERENT THINGS WITH MOST
PARTICULARITY MOONCAKE WHICH IF
I HAD BEEN A BETTER PERSON I
WOULD HAVE BROUGHT TODAY.
BUT TO PERHAPS PERHAPS
SUMMARIZE THE POPULAR
IMAGINATION SUSPECTS THAT
SOMEONE HERE AT THIS TABLE IS
BEHIND EVERYTHING IN ANN ARBOR
IS IS THE PUPPET MASTER WHERE
ALL CONNECTIONS ARE MADE, ALL
ORDERS ISSUED, ALL PLANS
ARRIVED.
BUT I THINK WE HEAR IS THAT
THERE'S SOMEONE ELSE WHO JUST
MIGHT BE THAT PUPPET MASTER AND
THAT'S ALL I'LL SAY ABOUT THAT.
>> AND IF THERE WERE SUCH A
PERSON WE SIMPLY COULD NOT DO
BETTER
THUS END COMMUNICATIONS
AS EVERYONE LEAVES WE HAVE
BEFORE US TO CONSENT TO
JENAVEVE EMOTIONAL IS TO
APPROVE THE CONSENT AGENDA MOVE
BY COUNCIL MEMBER DIFFS SECOND
BY COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA
DISCUSSION OF THE CONSENT
AGENDA THAT'S FURGESON.
THAT'S RIGHT.
OK, ANY DISCUSSION THEY CAN SET
THE AGENDA ON FAVOR OR OPPOSE
THE CONSENT AGENDA IS APPROVED
WITH EIGHT NO TEN NINE COUNCIL
MEMBERS PRESENT THUS SATISFYING
THE EIGHT VOTE REQUIREMENT I'M
GOING TO SAY NINE COUNCIL
MEMBERS PRESENT THUS SATISFYING
THE EIGHT VOTE REQUIREMENT WITH
RESPECT TO SEE A SIX WE NOW
COME TO A SET OF PUBLIC
HEARINGS.
>> PUBLIC HEARINGS ARE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEMBERS THE
PUBLIC TO SPEAK TO COUNCIL THE
COMMUNITY ABOUT MATTERS OF THE
SUBJECT MATTER OF THE PUBLIC
HEARING TO SPEAK AT A PUBLIC
HEARING ONE NEED NOT HAVE
SIGNED UP IN ADVANCE BUT
SPEAKERS MUST RELEASE THEIR
SPEAKER SPEECH MUST RELATE TO
THE SPECIFIC SUBJECT MATTER THE
PUBLIC HEARING THAT IS TO SAY
THE SPECIFIC ITEM ON THE AGENDA
TO WHICH THE PUBLIC HEARING
RELATES SPEAKERS IN ALL
INSTANCES WILL HAVE THREE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO SPEAK.
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK OR THE
TIME CLOCK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN
THIRTY SECONDS ARE REMAINING
AND WHEN YOUR TIME IS EXPIRED,
WHEN YOUR TIME IS EXPIRED
PLEASE CONCLUDE REMARKS AND
CEDE THE FLOOR PUBLIC HEARING
NUMBER ONE AND CORDEN'S TO
AMEND CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE ZONING
REZONING OF ONE POINT SIXTY SIX
ACRES FROM ANN ARBOR TOWNSHIP
DESIGNATION TDP DISTRICT R1 D
SINGLE FAMILY DWELLING DISTRICT
THREE FOUR SEVEN FOUR EAST
HURON RIVER DRIVE REZONING.
IS THERE ANYONE IN HOUSE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING
?
>> IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING?
I DON'T HAVE ANY CALLERS ON
LINE WITH THEIR HANDS UP FOR
THIS HEARING
SEE NO IN THIS
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED PUBLIC
HEARING NO TO AN AUDIENCE TO
AMEND SECTION NINE ONE ZERO
THREE OF CHAPTER ONE ONE ONE
FIRE PREVENTION OF TITLE NINE
OF THE CODE OF THE CITY OF ANN
ARBOR.
IS THERE ANYONE IN HOUSE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING?
ADAM GOODMAN AGAIN TO ACTUAL
BUSINESS I GUESS.
YES, I'LL START BY SAYING THAT
MODERN FIRE CODES SAVE LIVES
AND SO ACCORDING
TO SOME DATA
FROM THE NATIONAL FIRE
PROTECTION ASSOCIATION
APARTMENT FIRE DEATHS ACTUALLY
DROPPED FIFTY FOUR PERCENT IN
THIS COUNTRY FROM NINETEEN
EIGHTY TO TWENTY TWENTY TWO.
JUST FOUR HUNDRED SEVENTY
PEOPLE DIED IN APARTMENT FIRES
IN TWENTY TWENTY TWO AND THE
VAST MAJORITY OF THOSE SERIOUS
FIRES ACTUALLY OCCUR IN OLDER
BUILDINGS THAT ARE NOT EQUIPPED
WITH MODERN FIRE SUPPRESSION
SYSTEMS LIKE SPRINKLERS WHICH
ARE BASICALLY A REQUIREMENT FOR
NEW MID RISE AND HIGH RISE
BUILDINGS.
SO SPRINKLERS IN PARTICULAR
HAVE SAVED A TON OF LIVES AND
WE SHOULD BE GRATEFUL FOR THAT
.
UNFORTUNATELY THE SAME CAN'T BE
SAID OF OUR ROAD DESIGNS.
AS MANY OF YOU KNOW, WE HAVE
OVER FORTY THOUSAND PEOPLE WHO
DIE EVERY YEAR ON AMERICA'S
ROADS.
THAT'S ABOUT A HUNDRED TIMES
THE NUMBER OF APARTMENT FIRE
DEATHS AND AND THE TRENDS ALSO
BAD FOR PEOPLE BIKING AND
WALKING OR GETTING KILLED IN
PRECIPITOUSLY INCREASING
NUMBERS.
SO LAST YEAR SOME RESEARCHERS
FROM JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
RELEASED A COMPREHENSIVE AND
GROUNDBREAKING STUDY ON ROAD
DESIGNS AND ROAD SAFETY.
THEIR TOP LINE CONCLUSION WAS
THIS NARROWLY SAVE LIVES THEY
RECOMMEND USING NINE LANES
WHEREVER POSSIBLE AND AT MOST
11 FEET WHERE YOU HAVE TO
ACCOMMODATE VEHICLES LIKE
BUSSES OR DELIVERY TRUCKS.
SO WHAT'S HOLDING US BACK FROM
IMPLEMENTING THAT KIND
OF RECOMMENDATION?
WELL, THERE'S PROBABLY A BUNCH
OF THINGS BUT FIRE CODES ARE
ONE OF THEM AND IF WE HAVE THIS
REQUIREMENT THAT SAYS WE HAVE
TO HAVE A TWENTY SIX FOOT CLEAR
WIDTH YOU KNOW, ON A TWO LANE
ROAD WE'RE TALKING AT LEAST 13
FOOT LANE.
SO YOU KNOW, I THINK IT'S
PRETTY CLEAR FROM THESE NUMBERS
THAT IF OUR GOAL IS TO SAVE
LIVES THIS TWENTY SIX FOOT
REQUIREMENT IS DOING WAY MORE
HARM THAN GOOD.
BUT I ACTUALLY THINK I QUESTION
WHETHER IT DOES ANY GOOD
BECAUSE CITIES AROUND THE
WORLD, EVEN SOME OLD CITIES IN
THE US HAVE NO TROUBLE FIGHTING
FIRES WITH NARROW ROADS IN SOME
CASES EVEN NARROWER THAN 20
FEET.
SO IN SPITE OF OUR TREMENDOUS
AND IN SPITE OF OUR TREMENDOUS
PROGRESS OVER THE LAST SEVERAL
DECADES ON FIRE DEATHS, WE ARE
STILL LAGGING EUROPEAN
COUNTRIES ON FIRE DEATHS PER
CAPITA EVEN THOUGH MANY
OF THOSE COUNTRIES HAVE OUR
FULL OF NARROW ROADS AND HAVE
NO FIRE CODE THAT SAYS OTHER
SAYS THEY HAVE TO DO OTHERWISE
.
SO MANY OTHER CITIES AROUND
THIS COUNTRY HAVE ALREADY
REALIZED THIS PROBLEM AND
STRUCK THIS TWENTY SIX FOOT
REQUIREMENT OR ANYTHING SIMILAR
FROM THEIR CODES.
I THINK PORTLAND AND SAN
FRANCISCO ARE NOTABLE EXAMPLES
AND SO I'M REALLY HAPPY TO SEE
THAT IN HARPER'S CONSIDERING
DOING THE SAME TONIGHT AND I
ENCOURAGE YOU ALL TO VOTE YES.
THANK YOU.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE IN HOUSE I
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING?
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE WHO'D
LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC
HEARING
WHERE I DON'T SEE ANY
CALLERS ONLINE WITH THEIR HANDS
?
>> I SEE NO ONE.
THIS PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
PUBLIC HEARING NO.
THREE RESOLUTION TO APPROVE THE
ONE ONE FOUR SIX S MAPLE
ANNEXATION ONE POINT TWO ACRES
ONE ONE FOUR SIX SOUTH MAPLE
ROAD.
IS THERE ANYONE IN HOUSE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING
?
HI, THANK YOU.
I'M WENDY CODY SAXON DIRECTOR
REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AT
AVALON HOUSING AND I REALLY
APPRECIATE CITY COUNCIL'S
CONSIDERATION OF THE ANNEXATION
REQUEST FOR ELEVEN FORTY SIX
SOUTH MAPLE IS NOTED IN THE
PACKET THE LAND IS CURRENTLY
OWNED BY THE CITY WITH AVALON
HOUSING HAVING A PURCHASE
AGREEMENT ON THAT LAND.
WE'RE LOOKING TO DEVELOP THAT
SITE WITH THIRTY NINE UNITS
OF AFFORDABLE HOUSING INCLUDING
TWENTY OF WHICH WILL TARGETED
TO HOUSEHOLDS EXITING
HOMELESSNESS AND ACTION TODAY
WOULD CERTAINLY HELP US FURTHER
MOVE DOWN THAT PATH TO BRING
THOSE UNITS ON LINE AND WE
REALLY APPRECIATE THAT
CONSIDERATION.
NO, WE'RE ALSO EXCITED THAT
THAT DEVELOPMENT IS ALSO
RECEIVED FUNDING TO THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING
MARRIAGE AND WE VERY MUCH
APPRECIATE YOUR CONSIDERATION
JUST TO SAY I'M HERE IN
AVALON'S EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
AARON COOPER IS ALSO HERE AND
WILL BE PLEASED ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE IN HOUSE
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING?
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE I'D LIKE
TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING
MARY DON'T HAVE ANY CALLERS
WITH THEIR HANDS UP FOR THIS
HEARING
.
>> SO YOU KNOW, IN THIS PUBLIC
HEARING IS CLOSED.
WE HAVE BEFORE US THE REGULAR
SESSION MEETING MINUTES
OF OCTOBER 21ST.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR MAY HAVE IN
MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE THESE
MINUTES MOVE BY COUNSEL
MCCONNELL SECOND BY COUNCIL
MEMBER IA DISCUSSION OF THE
MINUTES ON FAVORITE POSE.
>> THE MINUTES ARE APPROVED B
IN AUDIENCE TO AMEND CHAPTER
FIFTY FIVE ZONING REZONING
OF ONE POINT SIXTY SIX ACRES
FROM ANN ARBOR TOWNSHIP
DESIGNATION TDP DISTRICT TO R-1
D SINGLE FAMILY DISTRICT THREE
FOUR SEVEN FOUR EAST HURON
RIVER DRIVE REZONING MOVE BY
COUNCIL MEMBER DISH SECOND
COUNCIL MEMBER OF DENHA
DISCUSSION OF B1 ALL FAVOR
OPPOSED IT IS APPROVED
B TO AN
AUDIENCE TO AMEND SECTION NINE
ONE ZERO THREE OF CHAPTER ONE
ONE ONE FIRE PREVENTION
OF TITLE NINE THE CODE THE
SEVEN ARBER MOVE BY COUNCIL
MEMBER ACKMANN SECOND BY
COUNCILMAN IA DISCUSSION PLEASE
OF B TWO.
I BELIEVE WE HAVE CHIEF KENNEDY
WITH A QUESTION RESPONSE GOOD
EVENING MAYOR AND COUNCIL.
SO THIS IS A VERY SIMPLE AND
STRAIGHTFORWARD CHANGE TO THE
FIRE CODE .
WE'VE WITH A CONTINUAL DOWNTOWN
DENSITY AND VERTICAL
DEVELOPMENT WE WERE CONTINUING
TO KIND OF FIND OURSELVES WITH
NOT ENOUGH STREET TO ACCESS
WITH REGARD TO BIKE LANES ALONG
WITH THE TWENTY SIX FEET AERIAL
ACCESS.
SO THIS WOULD LITERALLY ONLY
CHANGE ONE SENTENCE AND IT
WOULD MOVE THE TWENTY SIX FEET
TO TWENTY FEET WHICH IS THE
NORMAL STANDARD AND THIS ONLY
APPLIES FOR BUILDINGS THAT ARE
IN EXCESS OF THIRTY FEET.
THIS IS ACTUALLY ADDRESSED IN
THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE
INTERNATIONAL FIRE CODE .
HOWEVER THE STATE BUILDING
CODE IS STILL FIFTEEN AND WE
ARE STILL ON THE FIFTEEN FIRE
CODE AND SO IT CERTAINLY MAKES
SENSE FOR THOSE TO BE IN
ALIGNMENT WHEN THE STATE MOVES
TO TWENTY ONE.
WE INTEND ON ALSO COMING BACK
BEFORE THIS TO ADOPT THE TWENTY
ONE FIRE CODE .
SO THERE'S ALLIANT OR SO
THERE'S ALIGNMENT.
THIS IS JUST MUCH EASIER LIFT
THAN ADOPTING AN ENTIRE FIRE
CODE .
WE HOPE THAT THE STATE ADOPTED
IN TWENTY FIVE SO WE'LL LIKELY
BE BACK HERE IN CALENDAR TWENTY
FIVE BEFORE YOU FOR THAT
ALIGNMENT AND AGAIN THIS IS
ADDRESSED IN THE TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE FIRE EXCUSE ME IT'S
ONE FIRE CODE WHICH WE WILL
ADDRESSED IN THE TWENTY TWENTY
HOPEFULLY ADOPT IN CALENDAR
ONE FIRE CODE WHICH WE WILL
TWENTY FIVE.
HOPEFULLY ADOPT IN CALENDAR
SO I KNOW THERE'S A LOT THERE
TWENTY FIVE.
BUT THIS IS VERY SIMPLE.
SO I KNOW THERE'S A LOT THERE
I WOULD NOT BE BEFORE YOU IF I
BUT THIS IS VERY SIMPLE.
FELT THAT THIS WAS A THREAT TO
I WOULD NOT BE BEFORE YOU IF I
PUBLIC SAFETY EVERY SINGLE
FELT THAT THIS WAS A THREAT TO
OTHER LIFE SAFETY CODE , FIRE
PUBLIC SAFETY EVERY SINGLE
CODE , SPRINKLER SUPPRESSION,
OTHER LIFE SAFETY CODE , FIRE
FIRE RESISTANCE IS STILL IN
CODE , SPRINKLER SUPPRESSION,
PLACE WITH HIGH RISE
FIRE RESISTANCE IS STILL IN
DEVELOPMENT SO THANK YOU CHIEF
PLACE WITH HIGH RISE
COUNCILOR, THANKS SO MUCH.
DEVELOPMENT SO THANK YOU CHIEF
I DON'T HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS
COUNCILOR, THANKS SO MUCH.
BUT I JUST APPRECIATE YOU
I DON'T HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS
ADDRESSING THAT HEAD ON.
BUT I JUST APPRECIATE YOU
I TALKED THE LAST TIME ABOUT
ADDRESSING THAT HEAD ON.
HOW THIS CONFLICT HELPS US WITH
I TALKED THE LAST TIME ABOUT
OUR SORRY ADDRESSING THIS
HOW THIS CONFLICT HELPS US WITH
DISPARITY HELPS US ACHIEVE OUR
OUR SORRY ADDRESSING THIS
SAFETY GOALS ON ROADS BECAUSE
DISPARITY HELPS US ACHIEVE OUR
WE KNOW THAT WIDER ROADS HAVE
SAFETY GOALS ON ROADS BECAUSE
SAFETY IMPLICATIONS.
WE KNOW THAT WIDER ROADS HAVE
BUT I ALSO WANTED TO SPEAK TO
SAFETY IMPLICATIONS.
YOU KNOW, I GOT SOME MORE
BUT I ALSO WANTED TO SPEAK TO
INFORMATION FROM STAFF SINCE
YOU KNOW, I GOT SOME MORE
THE LAST MEETING AND THIS
INFORMATION FROM STAFF SINCE
REQUIREMENT ALSO HELPS US HAVE
THE LAST MEETING AND THIS
A LESS CUMBERSOME AND LESS
REQUIREMENT ALSO HELPS US HAVE
EXPENSIVE DEVELOPMENT PROCESS.
A LESS CUMBERSOME AND LESS
SO NOT ONLY IS IT SAFER FOR OUR
EXPENSIVE DEVELOPMENT PROCESS.
STREETS BUT A LOT OF TIMES WITH
SO NOT ONLY IS IT SAFER FOR OUR
THE CURRENT REGULATIONS THE
STREETS BUT A LOT OF TIMES WITH
DEVELOPER IS HAVE TO SPEND AN
THE CURRENT REGULATIONS THE
ONEROUS AMOUNT OF TIME
DEVELOPER IS HAVE TO SPEND AN
NAVIGATING UNCERTAINTY IN THE
ONEROUS AMOUNT OF TIME
PROCESS FOR A STANDARD THAT IT
NAVIGATING UNCERTAINTY IN THE
SOUNDS IS NOT NECESSARY AND
PROCESS FOR A STANDARD THAT IT
OFTEN SOME OF THE THINGS THAT
SOUNDS IS NOT NECESSARY AND
THEY'RE HAVING TO CONTEND WITH
OFTEN SOME OF THE THINGS THAT
IS MOVING CURVES OR NARROWING
THEY'RE HAVING TO CONTEND WITH
SIDEWALKS.
IS MOVING CURVES OR NARROWING
THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH WIDTH TO
SIDEWALKS.
PLAY WITH SO THAT'S ALSO
THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH WIDTH TO
BECOMING A PROBLEM AND
PLAY WITH SO THAT'S ALSO
SOMETIMES LIKE I SAID, REMOVING
BECOMING A PROBLEM AND
SIDEWALK WHICH WE DON'T WANT SO
SOMETIMES LIKE I SAID, REMOVING
THIS CHANGE IS NOT ONLY
SIDEWALK WHICH WE DON'T WANT SO
IMPORTANT FOR OUR ROAD SAFETY
THIS CHANGE IS NOT ONLY
BUT IT'S ALSO TOTALLY
IMPORTANT FOR OUR ROAD SAFETY
CONCURRENT WITH OUR OTHER GOALS
BUT IT'S ALSO TOTALLY
TO MAKE DEVELOPMENT EASIER
CONCURRENT WITH OUR OTHER GOALS
WHERE WE CAN.
TO MAKE DEVELOPMENT EASIER
AND AS YOU HEARD FROM THE
WHERE WE CAN.
CHIEF, WE ARE NOT PUTTING
AND AS YOU HEARD FROM THE
SAFETY AT RISK WITH THIS.
CHIEF, WE ARE NOT PUTTING
WE ARE MAKING PEOPLE SAFER.
SAFETY AT RISK WITH THIS.
THANK YOU FOR THE DISCUSSION
WE ARE MAKING PEOPLE SAFER.
ALL IN FAVOR OR OPPOSED?
THANK YOU FOR THE DISCUSSION
IT'S APPROVED D.
ALL IN FAVOR OR OPPOSED?
>> S ONE RESOLUTION TO APPROVE
IT'S APPROVED D.
THE ONE ONE FOUR SIX S
>> S ONE RESOLUTION TO APPROVE
M'APPELLE ANNEXATION ONE POINT
THE ONE ONE FOUR SIX S
TWO ACRES ONE ONE FOUR SIX
M'APPELLE ANNEXATION ONE POINT
MAPLE ROAD MOVE BY COUNCIL
TWO ACRES ONE ONE FOUR SIX
MEMBER DITCH SECOND BY
MAPLE ROAD MOVE BY COUNCIL
COUNCILMAN RAGAZZI ONE
MEMBER DITCH SECOND BY
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF TDS ONE
COUNCILMAN RAGAZZI ONE
COUNCILOR BRITISH.
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF TDS ONE
I'LL JUST GIVE YOU THE QUICK
COUNCILOR BRITISH.
PARAGRAPH ON THIS THAT THIS
I'LL JUST GIVE YOU THE QUICK
PROPERTY IS CURRENTLY CYO
PARAGRAPH ON THIS THAT THIS
TOWNSHIP PROPERTY AND APPROVAL
PROPERTY IS CURRENTLY CYO
OF THIS RESOLUTION WILL SIMPLY
TOWNSHIP PROPERTY AND APPROVAL
ALLOW ANNEXATION OF THIS
OF THIS RESOLUTION WILL SIMPLY
PROPERTY.
ALLOW ANNEXATION OF THIS
IT IS WITHIN THE CITY'S WATER
PROPERTY.
AND SERVICE AREA AND THE
IT IS WITHIN THE CITY'S WATER
CURRENT USE IS CONSISTENT WITH
AND SERVICE AREA AND THE
ADJACENT ZONING LAND CESAN
CURRENT USE IS CONSISTENT WITH
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.
ADJACENT ZONING LAND CESAN
THERE WILL BE FURTHER ACTION
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.
FOR THE PLANS TO THIS SITE
THERE WILL BE FURTHER ACTION
WHICH YOU JUST HEARD ABOUT
FOR THE PLANS TO THIS SITE
WHICH ARE ONLY GOOD NEWS AND
WHICH YOU JUST HEARD ABOUT
LOVELY.
WHICH ARE ONLY GOOD NEWS AND
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
LOVELY.
WE NEED EVERY PIECE OF GOOD
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
NEWS AND WE WILL HAVE AT LEAST
WE NEED EVERY PIECE OF GOOD
ONE EVERY MEETING FOR THE NEXT
NEWS AND WE WILL HAVE AT LEAST
FOUR YEARS I AM SURE.
ONE EVERY MEETING FOR THE NEXT
AND SO I'M SORRY I'M SURE THIS
FOUR YEARS I AM SURE.
IS ALSO INAPPROPRIATE BUT
AND SO I'M SORRY I'M SURE THIS
ANYWAY SO YES, LET'S VOTE YES
IS ALSO INAPPROPRIATE BUT
FOR THIS.
ANYWAY SO YES, LET'S VOTE YES
IT'S VERY SIMPLE AND WE'LL HAVE
FOR THIS.
YOU KNOW WE'LL SEE
MORE OF IT
SOON FOR THE DISCUSSION ON
FAVOR POSED IT IS APPROVED.
MISS CORE HELLO MAYOR TAYLOR
ADMINISTRATOR DANI'S REQUEST
THERE IS A REQUEST FOR A CLOSED
SESSION UNDER MCO FIFTEEN POINT
TWO A SECTION EIGHT ONE A TO
CONSIDER THE PERIODIC PERSONNEL
EVALUATION OF MR JET OUR
EXCLUSIVE CLOSED-IN YES, THAT
IS THE ONLY CLOSED SESSION
TONIGHT.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
PLEASED TO GO INTO CLOSED
SESSION ON THAT BASIS MOVE BY
COUNCILOR CORNELL'S TAKING MY
COUNCIL MEMBER BRIGS DISCUSSION
A ROLL-CALL PLEASE STARTING
WITH COUNCILOR ADMIN COUNCIL
MEMBER.
YES COUNCILOR BRIGGS YES.
THAT'S PARNELL.
YES, THAT'S MY DISH.
YES.
COUNCILOR HARRISON COUNCILOR
SONG YES.
CUSTOMER WATSON ABSENT
COUNCILOR DENHA YES.
COUNCILOR ZEYAD ONE YES.
MAYOR TAYLOR YES.
COUNCILOR ER YES.
MOTION CARRIES
KEVIN'S NO
IN
OPEN SESSION THIS ONE
RESOLUTION TO APPROVE A ONE NO
STOP RESOLUTION TO FINALIZE
EVALUATION AND AMEND THE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT OF CITY
ADMINISTRATOR MILTON TONY JR.
MOVI COUNCIL MEMBER FOR DENHA
SECOND BY COUNCIL MEMBER DISH
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF D.C. ONE
COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA.
>> THANK YOU MAYOR AND MOVE TO
AMEND THE FIRST RESOLVED CLAUSE
TO READ THAT SECTION THREE
OF THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN MILTON DOWNEY JR. AND
THE CITY VANDIVER BE AMENDED TO
REFLECT ONE AN INCREASE
OF THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS TO
THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR'S ANNUAL
SALARY RETROACTIVE TO EFFECT
EFFECTIVE MAY 17TH TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR AS PROVIDED IN
SECTION THREE OF THE EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT AND TO SECTION THREE
OF THE AGREEMENT BE AMENDED TO
ALSO PROVIDE A ONE TIME LUMP
SUM PAYMENT OF THREE PERCENT TO
THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR'S
CURRENT SALARY WHICH AMOUNTS TO
EIGHTY FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS.
>> IS THERE A SECOND THINKING
BY COUNCIL MEMBER HARRIS IN
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF THE
AMENDMENT PAUL FAVOR YES.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT IS APPROVED
FURTHER DISCUSSION OF THE MAIN
MOTION AS AMENDED.
>> I'LL I'LL JUST SAY I'LL JUST
SAY BRIEFLY THE THE MUNICIPAL
ORGANIZATION THE COMMUNITY AS A
WHOLE I THINK I CAN SAY WITHOUT
FEAR OF MATERIAL CONTRADICTION
THE COUNCIL JOINTLY AND
SEVERALLY AND MYSELF CERTAINLY
INDIVIDUALLY CONTINUE TO THANK
OUR LUCKY STARS THAT THAT MR.
DE HOHNE HAS DECIDED TO TAKE
OUR OFFER SO MANY YEARS AGO AND
BE OUR CITY ADMINISTRATOR.
HE LEADS THE MUNICIPAL
ORGANIZATION.
>> HE ENGAGES IN THE COMMUNITY
WITH WITH CHARACTER AND
INTEGRITY AND AND DILIGENCE AND
PROFOUND EXPERTIZE.
WE SIMPLY I SIMPLY COULD NOT BE
MORE LUCKY AND SO WE'RE GLAD
YOU'RE HERE.
YOU BET.
FURTHER DISCUSSION.
SURE.
I WAS JUST GOING TO BRIEFLY SAY
THAT ECHOING EVERYTHING THAT
YOU'VE SAID BUT THIS IS ONE
OF THOSE SITUATIONS AND I THINK
WE'VE WE'VE GONE THROUGH THIS
PROCESS A COUPLE OF YEARS NOW
AND I OFTEN THINK BACK TO THE
BELIEVE IT WAS THE OBSERVER
ARTICLE THAT ENTITLED EVERYBODY
LOVES MILTON SHORTLY AFTER YOU
GOT HERE.
AND I THINK THIS IS ONE
OF THOSE INSTANCES WHEN IT'S
ACTUALLY DISAPPOINTING THAT
THAT EVALUATIONS ARE PRIVATE
AND DOCUMENTS BECAUSE I THINK
IT WOULD BE DEMONSTRATE A
DEMONSTRATIVE TO THE COMMUNITY
THAT MR. TONY HAS THE
CONFIDENCE OF STAFF AND COUNSEL
ALIKE AND THAT HIS EVALUATIONS
ARE EXCELLENT.
>> THANK YOU, COUNCILOR
HARRISON.
SO I JUST WANTED ALSO TO ADD
THAT, YOU KNOW, THIS SALARY
INCREASE FOR ADMINISTRATOR TONY
IS REALLY WELL DESERVED.
HE HAS CONTINUED TO LEAD WITH
DEDICATION AND EXCELLENCE.
HIS WORK ON THE BICENTENNIAL
WAS ESPECIALLY REMARKABLE AS HE
POURED HIS ENERGY AND
COMMITMENT INTO MAKING IT AN
UNFORGETTABLE CELEBRATION FOR
OUR COMMUNITY AND ALL OF THE
EVENT AND ONE THAT WE HAVE
COMING UP THE SALARY INCREASE
NOT ONLY ACKNOWLEDGES HIS
EXCEPTIONAL EFFORTS BUT ALSO
REINFORCE IS OUR COMMITMENT TO
RETAINING A LEADER WHO
GENUINELY CARES ABOUT THE
FUTURE OF ANN ARBOR AND ITS
RESIDENTS.
SO I JUST WANT TO THANK
COUNCILOR MARIA.
I JUST WANTED TO COMMEND MR
HONI ANOTHER YEAR OF ABSOLUTELY
EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE WITH OUR
CITY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GOING
ABOVE AND BEYOND EVERY SINGLE
DAY IN LEADING THIS
ORGANIZATION.
THE CHANGES THAT YOU'VE MADE IN
MORALE AMONG CITY STAFF ARE
PALPABLE AND AND YOU ARE
APPRECIATED UP AND DOWN THE
ORGANIZATION NOT JUST FOR THE
WORK YOU'RE DOING ON OUR
CURRENT INFRASTRUCTURE AND WITH
OUR CURRENT EMPLOYEES BUT
LEADING NEW INITIATIVES AS WELL
.
WE NEED YOU HERE WORKING ON OUR
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT PLAN AND
STRATEGY AND SETTING UP THAT
OFFICE AND YOU ARE THE RIGHT
PERSON TO CONTINUE THAT WORK
AND HAPPY TO SUPPORT THIS
FURTHER DISCUSSION ON FAVOR
OPPOSED IT IS APPROVED.
>> MAY I HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN PLEASE MOVE BY
COUNCILOR JESSICA FOR MERCY
SAKES TODAY OF ALL DAYS AFTER
THE ELECTION SHOULDN'T WE
ACCEPT THE CLERK'S SUPPORT
OF COMMUNICATIONS MOTION TO
APPROVE THE CLERK'S SUPPORT
MOVE BY COUNCILOR BRIGGS
SECONDED BY COUNCIL MEMBER FOR
DENHA DISCUSSION OF THE CLERK'S
SUPPORT?
I'LL FAVOR POSED.
IT'S APPROVED.
DO WE HAVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM
OUR CITY ATTORNEY?
>> YES WE DO.
MAYOR GAS WELL, I WOULD LIKE TO
TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK CHIEF
DEPUTY CITY ATTORNEY
KEVIN MCDONALD FOR HIS 21 YEARS
OF SERVICE TO THE CITY
OF EXEMPLARY SERVICE.
I AM PERSONALLY INDEBTED TO HIM
BECAUSE WHEN I STARTED HERE I
WAS NEW TO THE WORLD
OF MUNICIPAL LAW AND MR
MCDONALD HELPED ME GET
ACCLIMATED.
HE HELD THE TEAM TOGETHER AS
INTERIM CITY ATTORNEY.
>> WE HAVE ALL LEARNED MUCH
FROM HIM AND WE HAVE MUCH TO BE
GRATEFUL FOR SO I JUST WANT TO
THANK HIM FOR HIS SERVICE.
HE RETIRES FROM THE CITY
EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 12TH.
>> THANK YOU
MAYOR.
>> A MOTION TO ADJOURN PLEASE
MOVI KAZMIR QUINNELL SECOND
CUSTOMER IA DISCUSSION ON FAVOR
POES WE ARE ADJOURNED